<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ThisIsARevisionOfTheDraftDITA1.2Co-034C9AC3" xml:lang="en-us">
  <?Pub Caret1?>
  <title>Conformance</title>
  <shortdesc>This section outlines the requirements that must be met in order for documents,
    document types, vocabulary and constraint modules, and processors to be considered DITA
    conforming. This section also defines conformance-related terminology and
    categories.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>Conformance to the DITA Specification allows documents and document types that are shared
      within and across organizations and used with different processors or different versions of a
      processor to produce the same or similar results with little or no reimplementation or
      modification.</p>
    <section>
      <title><ph rev="public-review-1">Key words</ph></title>
      <p rev="public-review-1">The key words "must," "must not," "required," "shall," "shall not,"
        "should," "should not," "recommended," and "optional" in the DITA Specification are to be
        interpreted as described in <xref format="txt" href="http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt"
          scope="external">IETF RFC 2119: Key words for use in RFCs to Indicate Requirement
          Levels</xref>.</p>
      <p>The use of these <ph rev="public-review-1">key words</ph> and other conformance
        requirements increase the level of interoperability that is available between DITA
        conforming implementations. Their use is not meant to impose particular methods on
        implementers where the method is not required for interoperability.</p>
      <p>The key words <keyword>informative</keyword> and <keyword>non-normative</keyword> identify
        content that is not normative. The DITA specifications include examples and other
        suggestions that are informative rather than normative. While informative information is
        often very helpful, it is never a binding part of the DITA specifications even when the
        example or other information is about a feature that is required. Unless it is clearly
        stated otherwise, examples and the appendices are always informative rather than
        normative.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Conformance statement</title>
      <p>Documents, document types, document type shells, vocabulary and constraint modules, and
        processors that implement the requirements given in the OASIS approved DITA Specification
        are considered conforming.</p>
      <p>A "DITA implementation" may consist of any combination of processing components that claim
        DITA awareness, custom vocabulary and constraint modules, and custom document types shells. </p>
      <p>
        <note type="other" othertype="non-normative">For example, a DITA implementation may be a
          DITA-based documentation authoring and production support system within an Enterprise, a
          task-specific product, such a DITA-aware XML editor or component management system, or
          just a set of specialization and constraint modules packaged for integration with larger
          implementations.</note>
      </p>
      <p>Conforming DITA implementations <keyword>must</keyword> include a conformance statement
        that gives the version of the DITA Specification that is supported and lists the DITA
        features that are supported by the implementation in accordance with the requirements of
        that specification. Or, if it is clearer, the statement <keyword>may</keyword> say that the
        implementation includes all features except for a specific list of features that are not
        supported.</p>
      <p>Implementations that include some DITA features, but not others, are considered conforming
        as long as all <keyword>required</keyword> features relevant to the implementation are
        included and all of the features that are included follow the requirements given in the DITA
        Specification. </p>
      <p>An implementation that does not include a particular optional feature must be prepared to
        interoperate with other implementations that do include the feature, though perhaps with
        reduced functionality. An implementation that does include a particular optional feature
        must be prepared to interoperate with other implementations that do not include the
        feature.</p>
      <p>Organizations and individuals are free to impose additional constraints on their own use of
        DITA that go beyond the requirements imposed by the DITA Specification, possibly including
        enforcement of the constraints by their local processors, as long as the result continues to
        meet the requirements given in the DITA Specification. For example, a given user community
        could impose rules on how files must be named or organized even if those rules go beyond the
        requirements given in the DITA Specification.</p>
      <p>Processors that are not DITA-aware (as defined here) are not considered conforming, but may
        still be useful when working with DITA. </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Conformance of documents</title>
      <p>A document is a conforming DITA document if it all of the following criteria are met:<ul
          id="ul_28ff18d0-97f6-45d4-8ff4-b7381462ab45">
          <li>is a well-formed XML document </li>
          <li>all of its elements are DITA elements or are non-DITA elements contained within
              &lt;<keyword>foreign</keyword>> or &lt;<keyword>unknown</keyword>></li>
          <li>its content conforms to all DITA requirements for element content and attribute values </li>
          <li>if the document has a document type declaration or an associated XSD, the referenced
            document type or XSD is a conforming DITA document type shell.</li>
        </ul></p>
      <note>The use of non-DITA-conforming document type declarations or schemas for conforming DITA
        documents cannot affect the ability of processors to process those documents. However, the
        use of non-conforming document types or schemas may impede interchange or interoperation of
        those documents with tools that expect or require the use of conforming DITA document types
        or schemas. </note>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Conformation of document types and modules</title>
      <p>A document type is a conforming DITA document type if it consists only of conforming DITA
        vocabulary and constraint modules. </p>
      <p>A DITA document type shell is a conforming shell if it represents a conforming DITA
        document type and conforms to the requirements for document type shells.</p>
      <p>A vocabulary or constraint module is a conforming module if it conforms to the requirements
        for its module type.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Conformance of processors</title>
      <p>The conformance of processors can only be determined for processors that claim to be "DITA
        aware".</p>
      <p>DITA-aware merely means that the processor can handle documents conforming to <i>at least
          one</i> conforming DITA document type, as specified by the processor, but need not support
        any features not required by that document type. </p>
      <p>Specialization-aware is a further, more-demanding class of processor that is able to handle
        any document specialized from some set of supported vocabulary modules and with, possibly,
        the required use of specific constraint modules. </p>
      <p>The most complete DITA implementations are "fully DITA aware" processors that support all
        base vocabulary modules without constraint, which implies support for all
        non-vocabulary-specific DITA features, such as content references and key references. </p>
      <p>
        <note type="other" othertype="non-normative">For example, a general-purpose processor that
          can process XML documents to produce a particular output using user-created configurations
          or scripts is not itself DITA-aware. However, that same processor packaged with a
          DITA-specific configuration or script would be a DITA-aware processor. A script or
          configuration for this processor that only operated on tag names as defined in specific
          DITA vocabulary modules would make the tool DITA aware but not specialization aware. A
          script or configuration that operated on DITA @class attribute values would be both DITA
          aware and specialization aware.</note>
      </p>
      <note>A processor that does not claim to be DITA-aware can be neither a conforming nor a
        non-conforming DITA processor. In particular, processors that process XML generally but do
        not claim to be DITA aware cannot be described as non-conforming DITA processors. Such
        processors are simply DITA unaware.</note>
      <p>A DITA-aware processor is a conforming DITA processor if it implements all required
        processing relevant to that processor for the vocabulary modules it claims to support. A
        DITA-aware processor <keyword>must</keyword> support at least one map or topic type, whether
        defined by the DITA standard or defined as a custom vocabulary module.</p>
      <p>A DITA-aware processor is a conforming specialization-aware processor if it is a conforming
        DITA-aware processor and applies relevant processing to all DITA elements based on their
        @class and @domains attribute values.</p>
      <note othertype="non-normative">In general, specialization-aware processors will be able to
        reliably process all conforming DITA documents, providing at least some default behavior for
        all DITA elements, while non-specialization-aware DITA-aware processors may only be able to
        reliably process documents that use the vocabulary modules those processors claim to
        support.</note>
      <p>While there are many possible processor types, DITA-aware processors can be classified
        generally into those that produce some sort of final form output from DITA documents (e.g.,
        publishing systems and tools, such as the DITA Open Toolkit) and those that store, manage,
        or edit DITA documents (e.g., DITA-aware editors and content or component management
        systems). A given processor many provide any or all processing types.</p>
      <note othertype="non-normative">For example, a DITA-aware editor that includes the ability to
        generate print versions of DITA documents represents both a final-form processor and an
        editing processor. Likewise, a content or component management system may tightly integrate
        final-form DITA processors. These different processor types may have different conformance
        requirements even though the processors are part of a single product or package. </note>
      <p>For processors that produce final form output, all features that are relevant to the type
        of processing that the processor performs <keyword>must</keyword> be implemented, with the
        exception of features that are vocabulary-specific. In particular, such processors
          <keyword>must</keyword> implement address resolution and content reference resolution.
        Such processors <keyword>should</keyword> implement filtering.</p>
      <p>
        <note othertype="Non-normative" type="other">For example, a specialization-aware processor
          that produces final form output need not provide special presentation results for glossary
          entry topics but must implement resolution of key-based references to glossary entry
          topics from <ph rev="public-review-1">&lt;keyword> or &lt;term> elements</ph>, because
          address resolution is both required and not vocabulary specific.</note>
      </p>
      <p>Processors that store, manage, or edit DITA documents <keyword>may</keyword> choose to not
        implement specific features that would be required for final-form processing. However, such
        processors <keyword>must</keyword> enable the creation or storage of DITA documents that use
        all DITA features, even if the processor is not aware of the DITA semantics for those
        features. </p>
      <p>
        <note type="other">For example, a DITA-aware editor need not provide specific support for
          creating or resolving content references, but it must allow, using normal XML editing
          methods, the creation and editing of content references. A content management system that
          supports map types that allow relationship tables but does not directly support
          relationship table processing must be able to store and manage conforming map documents
          that include relationship tables.</note>
      </p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000012467?>
