<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2010, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="r-acknowledgments" outputclass="appendix" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Acknowledgments</title>
<shortdesc>(Non-normative) Many individuals participated in the creation
of this specification and are gratefully acknowledged.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section>       <sl>
<sli>Paul Antonov</sli>
<sli>Robert Anderson, IBM</sli>
<sli>Don Day, Individual Member</sli>
<sli>Stanley Doherty, Individual Member</sli>
<sli>Jim Early, Flatirons Solutions Corporation</sli>
<sli rev="public-review-1">Kristen James Eberlein, SDL International</sli><?Pub Caret -1?>
<sli>Yas Etessam, JustSystems</sli>
<sli>Rob Frankland, Individual Member</sli>
<sli>Paul Grosso, PTC</sli>
<sli>JoAnn Hackos, Comtech Services, Inc.</sli>
<sli>Richard Hamilton, Individual Member</sli>
<sli>David Helfinstine, PTC</sli>
<sli>Erik Hennum, IBM</sli>
<sli>Alan Houser, Group Wellesley, Inc.</sli>
<sli>John Hunt, IBM</sli>
<sli>Gershon Joseph, Cisco Systems, Inc.</sli>
<sli>Sowmya Kannan, Oracle Corporation</sli>
<sli>Eliot Kimber, Really Strategies, Inc.</sli>
<sli>Christian Kravogel, SeicoDyne GmbH</sli>
<sli>Bruce Nevin, Cisco Systems, Inc.</sli>
<sli>Jeff Ogden, PTC</sli>
<sli>Seth Park, Freescale Semiconductor, Inc.</sli>
<sli>Deborah Pickett, Individual Member</sli>
<sli>Paul Prescod, JustSystems</sli>
<sli>Michael Priestley, IBM</sli>
<sli>Zarella Rendon, PTC</sli>
<sli>Tony Self, Hyperwrite Pty. Ltd.</sli>
<sli>Eric Sirois, IBM</sli>
<sli>Dana Spradley, Oracle Corporation</sli>
<sli>Su-Laine Yeo, JustSystems</sli>
</sl>     </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000001714?>
