<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="speclimits" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Specialization design, customization, and the limits of specialization</title>
  <shortdesc>(Non-normative) The DITA specialization facility necessarily imposes some constraints.
    An inherent challenge in designing DITA vocabulary modules and document types is understanding
    how best to satisfy markup requirements within those constraints and, when requirements cannot
    be met within the DITA-defined constraints, how to create "customized" document types that
    diverge from DITA requirements as little as possible.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>When applying DITA to new documentation representation and management requirements, an
      inherent challenge is determining whether or not all requirements can be met by a markup
      design that fully conforms to the DITA architecture. DITA imposes a few structural constraints
      that conforming documents must reflect, such as that all topics must have titles, that topic
      body content must be contained within a body element, that section elements cannot nest, and
      that element-type-specific metadata must be represented using elements, not attributes.</p>
    <p>In cases where markup requirements simply cannot be met by conforming DITA markup but there
      is a desire to take advantage of DITA features and technology or there is a requirement for
      content to interoperate or interchange with conforming DITA documents and processing systems,
      the solution is to define "customized" document types that are not conforming document types
      but that are, presumably, as close to conforming as possible, so as to minimize the cost of
      producing conforming documents from non-conforming documents.</p>
    <p>Typical reasons for requiring, or appearing to require, custom document types include:<ul
        id="ul_b2f0b152-7793-42fb-a1b1-b8d9b61eeabc">
        <li>Optimizing markup for authoring by excluding unneeded or unwanted element types and
          attributes provided by the OASIS-provided vocabulary modules.</li>
        <li>Supporting legacy markup structures that are not consistent with DITA structural rules,
          such as footnotes within titles or nested sections within what are or should be topic
          bodies.</li>
        <li>Defining different forms of existing structures, such as lists, where the DITA-defined
          structures are too constrained.</li>
        <li>Providing attributes required by specific processors, such as CMS-defined attributes for
          maintaining management metadata.</li>
        <li>Embedding tool-imposed markup in places that do not allow &lt;foreign> or
          &lt;unknown>.</li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>In many of these cases it is in fact possible to define conforming DITA document types. These
      techniques should be explored fully before resorting to customized document types.</p>
    <section>
      <title>Optimizing document types for authoring</title>
      <p>DITA markup is organized into domain and structural vocabulary modules so that authoring
        groups can easily select the markup subsets they require by creating new document type
        shells and, where necessary, new constraint modules.</p>
      <p>The base DITA element types necessarily provide very relaxed content models in order to
        avoid imposing unnecessary constraints on specializers. However, these open content models
        are often inappropriately open for authoring purposes, where authors are better served by
        more constrained content models. To address this requirement, DITA provides two
        configuration mechanisms for defining and configuring document types: document type shells
        and constraint modules.</p>
      <p>Document type shells pull together sets of vocabulary and constraint modules in order to
        define a working document type. The OASIS-provided shell document types typically include
        all available vocabulary modules, which is often not what is needed or desired. When the
        requirement is simply to eliminate unneeded domain modules or topic types, simply define new
        document type shells that omit unneeded domains or structural types and include any
        locally-defined or third-party modules you might need. See <xref
          href="../archSpec/createCustomDocType.dita#createCustomDocType" format="dita"/> for details.</p>
      <p>The DITA constraint mechanism, new with DITA 1.2, makes it possible to configure the
        content models of individual elements from document type shells. This means you can optimize
        content models as needed to meet authoring requirements without directly modifying the base
        vocabulary modules as long as you only need to add constraints or eliminate optional
        elements, which is usually the case. Again, no specialization is required.</p>
      <p>Most authoring optimization requirements can be met with a combination of document type
        shells and, where necessary, constraint modules when markup requirements are otherwise
        satisfied by available vocabulary modules.</p>
      <p>When markup requirements are not satisfied by existing vocabulary modules, you must create
        new, specialized, vocabulary modules and integrate them into your document-type shells as
        needed.</p>
      <p>The only case where neither constraint modules nor specialization are applicable for
        authoring optimization is where authoring requires content models to be less constrained
        than the DITA-defined rules allow. In that case you have no choice but to define
        non-conforming document types. This option falls into the category of "custom" document
        types. Where interchange and interoperation with other DITA systems and information sets are
        required, you must first transform non-conforming documents into conforming documents, as
        described below under <xref href="#speclimits/section_C974E62D1D4D4191BA03E1B9823EDFC7"
          format="dita"/>.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Specialization design considerations</title>
      <p>Requirements for new markup often appear to be inconsistent or incompatible with DITA
        architectural rules or existing markup, especially when mapping existing non-DITA markup
        practice to DITA, where the existing markup may have used structures that cannot be directly
        expressed in DITA. For example, you may need markup for a specialized form of list where the
        details are not consistent with the base model for DITA lists.</p>
      <p>In this case you have two alternatives, one that conforms to DITA and one that does
        not.</p>
      <ul id="ul_B275D2FEAE724D3E9E1CB19523A425CF">
        <li id="li_D7739DE9355A49DBB49EFDD68A60EB0B">
          <p>Specialize from more generic base elements or attributes.</p>
        </li>
        <li id="li_585E540B082A4697993B3D12E1B8E61B">
          <p>Define non-conforming structures and map them to conforming DITA structures as
            necessary for processing by DITA-aware processors or for interchange as conforming DITA
            documents.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>Specializing from more generic base elements, such as defining a list using specializations
        of &lt;ph> or &lt;p>, while technically conforming, may still impede interchange of such
        documents because generic DITA processors will have no way of knowing that what they see as
        a sequence of phrases or paragraphs or whatever is really a list and should be rendered in a
        listy way. However, your documents will be reliably interchangeable with conforming DITA
        systems.</p>
      <p>Defining non-conforming markup structures means that the documents that use those
        structures cannot be conforming DITA documents as authored and therefore cannot be reliably
        processed by generic DITA-aware processors or interchanged with other DITA systems. However,
        as long as the documents can be transformed into conforming DITA documents without undue
        effort interchange and interoperation requirements can be satisfied as needed. This approach
        will often be needed when using content management systems to manage what is nominally DITA
        content where the content management system imposes requirements onto the content for
        whatever reason, such as to add its own markup for management metadata or because of
        implementation limitations.</p>
      <p>In addition, non-conforming document types can use the basic specialization mechanism used
        by the DITA document types, with the same re-use and interoperation benefits, only
        restricted to the specific domain within which the new document types apply. Such document
        types are not conforming DITA document types but may be quite useful because of the general
        benefits of specialization as an enabling technology.</p>
      <p>Note that even if one uses the DITA-defined types as a starting point, any change to those
        base types not accomplished through specialization or the constraint feature defines a
        completely new document type that has no normative relationship to the DITA document types,
        and cannot be considered in any way to be a conforming DITA application. In particular, the
        use of DITA specialization from non-DITA base types does not produce DITA-conforming
        vocabularies.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_B6453E6353204D55BA2A7B8E1C6D99E8">
      <title>Specialize from generic elements or attributes</title>
      <p>Most DITA element types have necessarily relaxed content models specifically to allow a
        wide set of options when specializing from them. However, some DITA element types do impose
        constraints that may not be acceptable or appropriate for a specific markup application.</p>
      <p>In that case, the first option to consider is choosing as your specialization base more
        generic base elements or attributes. Generic elements are available in DITA at every level
        of detail, from whole generic topics down to individual generic keywords, and the generic
        attribute base is available for attribute domain specialization.</p>
      <p>For example, if you want to create a new kind of list but cannot usefully do so
        specializing from &lt;ul&gt;, &lt;ol&gt;, &lt;sl&gt;, or &lt;dl&gt;, you can create a new
        set of list elements by specializing nested &lt;ph&gt; elements. This new list structure
        will require specialized processing to generate appropriate output styling, because it is
        not semantically tied to the other lists by ancestry. Nevertheless, it will remain a valid
        DITA specialization, with the standard support for generalization, content referencing,
        conditional processing, and so forth.</p>
      <p>The following base elements in &lt;topic&gt; are generic enough to support almost any
        structurally valid DITA specialization:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>topic</dt>
            <dd>any content unit that has a title and associated content</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>section</dt>
            <dd>any non-nesting division of content within a topic, titled or not</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>p</dt>
            <dd>any non-titled block of content below the section level</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>fig</dt>
            <dd>any titled block of content below the section level</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>ul, ol, dl, sl, simpletable</dt>
            <dd>any structured block of content that consists of listed items in one or more
              columns</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>ph</dt>
            <dd>any division of content below the paragraph level</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>text</dt>
            <dd>text within a phrase</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>keyword</dt>
            <dd>any non-nesting division of content below the paragraph level</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>data</dt>
            <dd><ph>any content that acts as metadata rather than core topic or map
                content</ph></dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>foreign</dt>
            <dd>any content that already has a non-DITA markup standard but needs to be authored as
              part of the DITA document and for which processors should attempt rendering if at all
              possible. </dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>unknown</dt>
            <dd>any non-standard markup that does not fit the DITA model but needs to be managed as
              part of a DITA document and for which processors should not attempt any form of
              rendition</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>bodydiv</dt>
            <dd>generic, untitled, nestable container for content within topic bodies</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>sectiondiv</dt>
            <dd>generic, untitled, nestable container for content within sections</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl></p>
      <p>The following attributes in topic are suitable for domain specialization to provide new
        attributes that are required throughout a document type:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>props</dt>
            <dd>any new conditional processing attribute</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>base</dt>
            <dd>any new attribute that is universally available, has a simple syntax
              (space-delimited alphanumeric values), and doesn't already have a semantic
              equivalent</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl></p>
      <p>You should specialize from the semantically closest match whenever possible. When some
        structural requirement forces you to pick a more general ancestor, please inform the
        technical committee: over time a richer set of generic elements should become available.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_C974E62D1D4D4191BA03E1B9823EDFC7">
      <title>Map from customized document type to DITA during preprocessing</title>
      <p>Structural and domain specialization of elements or attributes may not be sufficient for
        some authoring requirements. In particular, specialization cannot split or rename
        attributes, and an element cannot be renamed without also specializing its container.</p>
      <p>In such cases, it may be possible to transform a customized document type to a standard
        DITA document type during the publishing process. </p>
      <p>For example, if an authoring group requires the &lt;p&gt; element to be spelled out as
        &lt;paragraph&gt;, the document type could be customized to change &lt;p&gt; to
        &lt;paragraph&gt; for authoring purposes. Documents so created can then be preprocessed to
        rename &lt;paragraph&gt; back to &lt;p&gt; before feeding them into a standard publishing
        process.</p>
      <p>The type modules should not be edited to create a customized document type. Instead, a
        document-type shell can provide new definitions of DITA entities, including entities for
        attributes and content models. The new definitions override entity definitions in the module
        files before they are imported.</p>
      <p>Customized document types do not conform to the DITA standard. Preprocessing can ensure
        compatibility with existing publishing processes, but does not ensure compatibility with
        DITA-supporting authoring tools or content management systems. However, when an
        implementation is being heavily customized in any case, a customized document type can help
        isolate and control the consequences of non-standard design in a customized
        implementation.</p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
