<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<task id="task_klq_rbh_rp" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
    xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:task.xsd">
    <title>Configuring the upload of the RDF ouptput to an RDF repository</title>
    <shortdesc>How to configure the <keyword keyref="ditaot-plugin-name"/> to upload the RDF output to your RDF repository</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
    	<prereq>
    		<p>You should already have an RDF repository available, either on your computer or on a server you can access.</p>
    		<p>If you don't have one, the default configuration assumes you use <xref scope="external" format="html" href="https://marmotta.apache.org/">Apache Marmotta</xref>. <xref format="html" href="https://marmotta.apache.org/installation.html#installer" scope="external">Here</xref> are the installation instructions (standalone).</p>
    	</prereq>
        <context>
        </context>
        <steps>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>In <filepath>[DITA-OT]/plugins/com.github.colinmaudry.dita2rdf/customization</filepath>, make a copy of <filepath>build_template.properties</filepath>.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Rename the copy <filepath>build.properties</filepath>.</cmd>
        		<info>As long as their is a file named <filepath>build.properties</filepath> in this directory, the DITA OT plugin will attempt to upload the RDF output according to the provided configuration, at every transformation. As a consequence, if you want to disable these attempts, either rename, move or delete this file.</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>In <filepath>build.properties</filepath>, follow the instructions. If you use Marmotta locally (on your computer, not a server), you have nothing to change, I configured it for you ;-)</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Save.</cmd>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<result>The <keyword keyref="ditaot-plugin-name"/> is configured for the upload of the RDF output to a repository. Unless you rename, move or delete <filepath>build.properties</filepath>, the output of all transformations will be uploaded.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
