<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<!--             (C) Copyright OASIS Open 2005.                    -->
<!--             (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2001, 2004.         -->
<!--             All Rights Reserved.                              -->
<reference id="commonLRdefs" rev="1.1" xml:lang="en-us"> 
  <title> 
	 <keyword>Common content for Language Reference</keyword> </title> 
  <shortdesc>This topic documents the common definitions for attributes that
	 appear within the DITA DTDs, and provides the content for reuse within the
	 individual element descriptions of the 
	 <ph> 
		<cite>DITA Language Reference</cite> 
	 </ph>.
  </shortdesc> 
  <refbody> 
	 <section id="section_64FA730C4F1744B0AEE87AB8800B8F0E"> 
		<p>Writers, please ensure that explanations are generic in nature. For
		  example, references to specific instances of SGML such as DocBook or IBMIDDoc
		  may not be meaningful to all readers. To avoid naming specific products, refer
		  to them generically as &quot;validating XML editors,&quot; and so on. Not all
		  DITA users will implement DITA the same way or have the same markup language
		  background when reading DITA documentation!
		</p> 
		<draft-comment> 
		  <note othertype="Authoring convention" type="other">Use 
			 <tt>&amp;lt;&lt;apiname&gt;element&lt;/apiname&gt;&amp;gt;</tt> and 
			 <tt>&lt;i&gt;&lt;apiname&gt;attr&lt;/apiname&gt;&lt;/i&gt;</tt> for
			 future domain specialization. (Don has been using
			 &lt;term&gt;element&lt;/term&gt; and &lt;i&gt;attribute&lt;/i&gt;)
		  </note> 
		</draft-comment> 
		<note id="abouturls">All DITA linking attributes defined as allowing URLs
		  are defined as CDATA but should follow standard URL syntax (CDATA is used for
		  now because DTDs cannot enforce a URL datatype). They are used literally in
		  transforms, therefore the integrity of the link is up to the author.
		</note> 
		<note othertype="Phrase common data" type="other"> 
		  <ul id="ul_7B6DE81945BA4A7DAD4F65CA59991738"> 
			 <li id="li_EFE96DA3FFE54A3481B77C40043A98CA"><ph
				id="propertyvalueattr">This is a property attribute which supports conditional
				  processing for filtering or flagging.</ph> 
			 </li> 
			 <li id="li_2028C01682E244BE9295678AA27B27F9"><ph id="may-inherit">If
				  no value is specified, but the attribute is specified on an ancestor within a
				  map or within the related-links section, the value will cascade from the
				  closest ancestor.</ph>
			 </li> 
			 <li id="li_19383F28850D427B98AD8511CE804099"><ph
				id="space-delimited-property">The attribute takes a space-delimited set of
				  values.</ph>
			 </li> 
			 <li id="li_42F9099B7B8C4A88943D70A58999ABAB"><ph
				id="space-plus-generalize">The attribute takes a space-delimited set of values.
				  However, when acting as a container for generalized attributes, the content
				  model will be more complex; see 
				  <xref href="../archSpec/attributegeneralize.dita"></xref> for
				  more details.<!--<draft-comment>If possible, this should link to the
attribute generalization topic in the Arch Spec.<p>RDA 20091211: link added.</p></draft-comment>--></ph>
			 </li> 
			 <li id="li_2F5456F81C49455494A393294B086A96"> 
				<ph id="only4eclipse">This element is for runtime resolution of
				  references, and is for navigation only. 
				  <b>It is currently only supported by Eclipse output.</b></ph> 
			 </li> 
		  </ul> 
		</note> 
		<note othertype="Planned for later use" type="other"> 
		  <ul id="ul_F63E69BCC3564E3F955A306EE69E6383"> 
			 <li id="li_5B3CD7AF8A2741E58DE43D00D5D3A1F5">Not intended for direct
				use by authors.
			 </li> 
			 <li id="li_9C838C354DEA4E82B2B728E8408D8DD0">This element is part of
				the DITA highlighting domain.
			 </li> 
			 <li id="li_914244535533403AAE21C45C225E40F1">This element is part of
				the DITA programming domain, a special set of DITA elements designed to
				document programming tasks, concepts and reference information.
			 </li> 
			 <li id="li_32C169C7DEDA4AA29CF2ECDBDFECAA40">This element is part of
				the DITA software domain, a special set of DITA elements designed to document
				software tasks, concepts and reference information.
			 </li> 
		  </ul> 
		</note> 
		<note id="conrefexplanation" othertype="Use to extend conref discussions"
		 type="other">SGML users may recognize that this is very similar to the conref
		  mechanism in SGML (call CONLOC in IBMIDDoc) that uses only an empty start tag
		  to indicate the placement of the referenced element. However, the rules of XML
		  do not allow us to do conref as easily as the SGML standard permitted. Even
		  when you have a conref attribute to pull in content, the element using conref
		  must be valid within the document. In the case of a table, for example, the
		  table element requires a tgroup child, which requires tbody, which requires at
		  least one row, which requires at least one entry. In addition, the tgroup
		  element requires the cols attribute to be specified. You will have to insert
		  all of these elements in your source file, even though they will be discarded
		  during processing. Validating editors will insert all of the required elements,
		  although you may still need to ensure that required attributes contain at least
		  a throwaway value.
		</note> 
		<note othertype="Designers explanation for no-topic-nesting"
		 type="other">Pertaining to the following declaration in topic.mod:
		  <codeblock>&lt;!ELEMENT topic (%title;, (%titlealts;)?, (%shortdesc;)?, (%prolog;)?, %body;, (%related-links;)?, 
                (%topic-info-types;)* )&gt;
</codeblock> if the parameter entity topic-info-types in topic.dtd were
		  declared as
		  <codeblock>&lt;!ENTITY % topic-info-types &quot;no-topic-nesting&quot;&gt;</codeblock>then the resulting authoring DTD would not allow the nesting of any
		  child topics. As far as the DTD is concerned, this empty element takes the
		  place of any nested topics. Using a null value for a parameter entity value is
		  not allowed in DTD syntax, therefore the architecture provides this empty
		  element as a required token in the syntax.
		</note> 
	 </section>
<!--===== THIS IS THE START OF SUPPORTED ATTRIBUTE DEFINITIONS USED BY CONREF IN MANY PLACES =====-->
	 <section id="section_36FD4E169B514401A630CC4D12D4969F"> 
		<title>Attribute common data</title> 
		<simpletable relcolwidth="3* 9* 3* 3* 2*"
		 id="simpletable_194525B5E5AF468694AB5C714FB49B52"> 
		  <sthead> 
			 <stentry>Name</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Description</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Data Type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Default Value</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Required?</stentry> 
		  </sthead> 
		  <strow id="TBD"> 
			 <stentry><!--ATTRIBUTE NAME-->TBD 
			 </stentry> 
			 <stentry><!--ATTRIBUTE DESCRIPTION-->This attribute has not been
				documented yet 
			 </stentry> 
			 <stentry><!--ATTRIBUTE TYPE-->CDATA 
			 </stentry> 
			 <stentry><!--ATTRIBUTE DEFAULT VALUE-->#IMPLIED 
			 </stentry> 
			 <stentry><!--ATTRIBUTE REQUIRED?--> Not applicable 
			 </stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="display-atts"> 
			 <stentry>display-atts attribute group (scale, frame,
				expanse)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A set of related attributes, described in 
				<xref href="display-atts.dita"></xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow>
<!-- NOTE: The following row now seems to be unused -->
		  <strow id="display-atts-table"> 
			 <stentry>scale, frame</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Described in 
				<xref href="display-atts.dita"> <!-- optional content -->
				</xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="global-atts"> 
			 <stentry>global-atts attribute group (xtrf, xtrc)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A set of related attributes, described in 
				<xref href="global-atts.dita"></xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="id-atts"> 
			 <stentry>id-atts attribute group (id, conref, conrefend, conaction,
				conkeyref)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A set of related attributes, described in 
				<xref href="id-atts.dita"></xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="conref-atts" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>conref-atts attribute group (conref, conrefend, conaction,
				conkeyref)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A set of related attributes; includes all of the attributes
				described in 
				<xref href="id-atts.dita"></xref> 
				<i>except</i> for the id attribute.</stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="rel-atts"> 
			 <stentry>rel-atts attribute group (type, role, otherrole)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A set of related attributes, described in 
				<xref href="rel-atts.dita"></xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="select-atts"> 
			 <stentry>select-atts attribute group (props, base, platform, product,
				audience, otherprops, importance, rev, status)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A set of related attributes, described in 
				<xref href="select-atts.dita"></xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="topicref-atts"> 
			 <stentry>topicref-atts attribute group (collection-type,
				processing-role, type, scope, locktitle, format, linking, toc, print, search,
				chunk)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A set of related attributes. See 
				<xref href="topicref-atts.dita"></xref>.</stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="topicref-atts-no-toc"> 
			 <stentry>topicref-atts-no-toc attribute group (collection-type,
				processing-role, type, scope, locktitle, format, linking, toc, print, search,
				chunk)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A related set of attributes. See 
				<xref href="topicref-atts.dita"></xref>.</stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="topicref-atts-without-format" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>topicref-atts-without-format attribute group
				(collection-type, processing-role, type, scope, locktitle, linking, toc, print,
				search, chunk)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A related set of attributes. See 
				<xref href="topicref-atts.dita"></xref>.</stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="univ-atts"> 
			 <stentry>univ-atts attribute group (includes select-atts, id-atts,
				and localization-atts groups)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A set of related attributes, described in 
				<xref href="univ-atts.dita"></xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="univ-atts-no-importance"> 
			 <stentry>univ-atts-no-importance attribute group</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A set of related attributes, described in 
				<xref href="univ-atts.dita"></xref>, but without the importance
				attribute</stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="classandout"> 
			 <stentry>class, outputclass</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Common attributes described in 
				<xref href="othercommon.dita"></xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow>
<!-- The next row is unused with DITA 1.2 -->
		  <strow id="classandkey"> 
			 <stentry>class, keyref</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Common attributes described in 
				<xref href="othercommon.dita"></xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="classonly"> 
			 <stentry>class</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A common attribute described in 
				<xref href="othercommon.dita"></xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="classoutspace"> 
			 <stentry>class, outputclass, xml:space</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Common attributes described in 
				<xref href="othercommon.dita"></xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="classoutkey"> 
			 <stentry>class, outputclass, keyref</stentry> 
			 <stentry><ph conref="#commonLRdefs/keyrefDescription"></ph> Class and
				outputclass are described in 
				<xref href="othercommon.dita"></xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow>
<!-- The next row should be unused. -->
		  <strow id="classoutkeyspace"> 
			 <stentry>class, outputclass, keyref, xml:space</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Common attributes described in 
				<xref href="othercommon.dita"></xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="align-image"> 
			 <stentry>align</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Controls the horizontal alignment of an image when placement
				is specified as &quot;break.&quot; Common values include 
				<keyword>left</keyword>, 
				<keyword>right</keyword>, and 
				<keyword>center</keyword>.<indexterm>align
				  attribute<indexterm>image</indexterm></indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="align"> 
			 <stentry>align</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes the alignment of text in a table column. Allowable
				values are:
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>left
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Indicates left alignment of the text.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>right
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Indicates right alignment of the text.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>center
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Indicates center alignment of the text.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>justify
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Justifies the contents to both the left and the right.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry rev="1.2"> 
					 <dt>char
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Use the character specified on the char attribute for
						alignment.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry id="ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>-dita-use-​conref-​target
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>See 
						<xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita"></xref> for more
						information.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl>
				<draft-comment>In DITA 1.0 and 1.1, char was defined as a legal
				  value, but was not described. The 1.2 spec added a description for the "char"
				  value (the value itself is not new).
				</draft-comment><indexterm id="att-align">align
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(left | right | center | justify | char |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="alt"> 
			 <stentry>alt 
				<i>(deprecated)</i></stentry> 
			 <stentry>Alternative text that describes the image to provide
				accessibility to page readers or provides a text description when an image
				cannot be displayed by the user&apos;s software.<indexterm id="att-alt">alt
				  attribute</indexterm> The alt attribute is deprecated; use the 
				<xref href="../langref/alt.dita">alt</xref> element
				instead.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="anchorref"> 
			 <stentry>anchorref</stentry> 
			 <stentry rev="1.2">Identifies a location within another map file
				where this map will be anchored at runtime. Resolution of the map is deferred
				until the final step in the delivery of any rendered content. For example, 
				<codeph>anchorref=&quot;map1.ditamap/a1&quot;</codeph> causes this
				map to be pulled into the location of the anchor point "a1" inside map1.ditamap
				when map1.ditamap is rendered for delivery.<indexterm
				id="att-anchorref">anchorref attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="appname"> 
			 <stentry>appname</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Contains the name of the application that will use the
				resource id to identify the topic.<indexterm id="att-appname">appname
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="archive"> 
			 <stentry>archive</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies a space-separated list of URLs indicating
				resources needed by the object. These resources may include those URLs
				specified by the classid and data attributes. Preloading these resources
				usually results in faster loadtimes for objects. The URLs in the list should be
				relative to the URL specified in the codebase attribute.<indexterm
				id="att-archive">archive attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="audience"> 
			 <stentry>audience</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the intended audience for the element. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/propertyvalueattr"></ph> 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/may-inherit"></ph> 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/space-delimited-property"></ph><indexterm
				id="att-audience">audience attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="author"> 
			 <stentry>author</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Designates the originator of the draft comment.<indexterm id="att-author">author
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="callout"> 
			 <stentry>callout</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies what character is used for the footnote link, for
				example a number or an alpha character. The attribute may also specify a short
				string of characters. When no callout value is specified, footnotes are
				numbered.<indexterm id="att-callout">callout attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="char"> 
			 <stentry>char</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the character for aligning the table entry data. 
				<p>Default source for entry elements starting in this column. If
				  character alignment is specified, the value is the single alignment character
				  source for any implied char values for entry immediately in this column. A
				  value of &quot;&quot; (the null string) means there is no aligning character.
				</p>
				<p rev="1.2">For example, if align="char" and char="r", then text
				  in the entry should align with the first occurrence of the letter "r" within
				  the entry.
				</p><indexterm id="att-char">char attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="charoff"> 
			 <stentry>charoff</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the horizontal offset of alignment character when
				align="char". 
				<p>Default source for entry elements starting in this column. For
				  character alignment on an entry in the column, horizontal character offset is
				  the percent of the current column width to the left of the (left edge of the)
				  alignment character.
				</p>
				<p>This value should be number, greater than 0 and less than or
				  equal to 100.
				</p>
				<p rev="1.2">For example, if align="char", char="r", and
				  charoff="50", then text in the entry should align 50% of the distance to the
				  left of the first occurrence of the character "r" within the entry.
				</p><indexterm id="att-charoff">charoff
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="chunk"> 
			 <stentry>chunk</stentry> 
			 <stentry><indexterm>chunk attribute</indexterm>When a set of topics
				is transformed using a map, the chunk attribute allows multi-topic documents to
				be broken into smaller files and multiple individual topics to be combined into
				larger combined documents. 
				<p>For a detailed description of the chunk attribute and its usage,
				  see 
				  <xref href="../archSpec/chunking.dita"/> in the DITA
				  Architectural Specification.
				</p></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="chunk-topicset" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>chunk</stentry> 
			 <stentry><indexterm>chunk attribute</indexterm>A topicset defines a
				group of information that will generally be used as a single navigable unit.
				The chunk attribute defaults to to-navigation to indicate that this is a
				distinct unit of information. 
				<p>For a detailed description of the chunk attribute and its usage
				  see the section on Chunking in the DITA Architectural Specification.
				</p></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>to-navigation</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="class"> 
			 <stentry>class</stentry> 
			 <stentry><i>Not for use by authors. If an editor displays class
				  attribute values, do not edit them.</i> The class attribute supports
				specialization. Its predefined values allow DITA tools to work correctly with
				ranges of related content. In a generalized DITA document the class attribute
				value in the generalized instance may differ from the default value for the
				class attribute for the element as given in the DTD or schema. See 
				<xref href="../archSpec/classatt.dita"/> for more
				information.<indexterm>class attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry><i>Default value differs for each element</i></stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="classid"> 
			 <stentry>classid</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Contains a URL that specifies the location of an
				object&apos;s implementation. It can be used together with the data attribute
				which is specified relative to the value of the codebase attribute.<indexterm
				id="att-classid">classid attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="codebase"> 
			 <stentry>codebase</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the base path (a URL) used for resolving the URL
				values given for classid, data, and archive attributes. If codebase is not set,
				the default is the base URL of the current document.<indexterm
				id="att-codebase">codebase attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="codetype"> 
			 <stentry>codetype</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the content type for the data specified by the
				classid attribute. This attribute should be set when the classid attribute is
				set to avoid loading unsupported content types. If this attribute value is not
				set, the processing default is the value of the type attribute.<indexterm
				id="att-codetype">codetype attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="collection-type"> 
			 <stentry>collection-type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Collection types describe how links relate to each other.
				The processing default is "unordered", although no default is specified in the
				DTD or Schema.
				<dl id="colltypevalues"> 
				  <dlentry>
					 <dt>unordered
					 </dt>
					 <dd>Indicates that the order of the child topics is not
						significant.
					 </dd>
				  </dlentry> 
				  <dlentry>
					 <dt>sequence
					 </dt>
					 <dd>Indicates that the order of the child topics is
						significant; output processors will typically link between them in order.
					 </dd>
				  </dlentry> 
				  <dlentry>
					 <dt>choice
					 </dt>
					 <dd>Indicates that one of the children should be selected.
					 </dd>
				  </dlentry> 
				  <dlentry>
					 <dt>family
					 </dt>
					 <dd>Represents a tight grouping in which each of the referenced
						topics not only relates to the current topic but also relate to each other.
					 </dd>
				  </dlentry> 
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry> 
				</dl>
				<p>Usage of the collection-type attribute on &lt;reltable&gt; and
				  &lt;relcolspec&gt; is currently undefined and reserved for future use.
				</p></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(unordered | sequence | choice | family |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="collection-type-relatedSubjects"> 
			 <stentry>collection-type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Collection types describe how links relate to each other. 
				<dl conref="#commonLRdefs/colltypevalues"> 
				  <dlentry>
					 <dt/>
					 <dd/>
				  </dlentry> 
				</dl></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(unordered | sequence | choice | family |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>family</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="collection-type-subjectHead"> 
			 <stentry>collection-type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Collection types describe how links relate to each other.
				The processing default is "unordered", although no default is specified in the
				DTD or Schema. 
				<dl> 
				  <dlentry>
					 <dt>unordered
					 </dt>
					 <dd>Indicates that the order of the child topics is not
						significant.
					 </dd>
				  </dlentry> 
				  <dlentry>
					 <dt>sequence
					 </dt>
					 <dd>Indicates that the order of the child topics is
						significant; output processors will typically link between them in order.
					 </dd>
				  </dlentry> 
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry> 
				</dl></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(unordered | sequence | -dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry>
			 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="colname"> 
			 <stentry>colname</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the table column name in which an entry is
				found.<indexterm id="att-colname">colname attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="colnum"> 
			 <stentry>colnum</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the number of a column in the table, counting from
				the first logical column to the last column.<indexterm id="att-colnum">colnum
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="cols"> 
			 <stentry>cols</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the number of columns in a &lt;tgroup&gt; in a
				table.<indexterm id="att-cols">cols attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="colsep"> 
			 <stentry>colsep</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Column separator. A value of 0 indicates no separators; 1
				indicates separators.<indexterm id="att-colsep">colsep
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="colwidth"> 
			 <stentry>colwidth</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes the column width.<indexterm
				id="att-colwidth">colwidth attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="compact"> 
			 <stentry>compact</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates close vertical spacing between the list items.
				Expanded spacing is the default value. The output result of compact spacing
				depends on the processor or browser. Allowed values are:
				<dl> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>yes
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Indicates compact spacing.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>no
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Indicates expanded spacing.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl><!--Consider having the default set by the content (eg, if there are blocks in the lists, then make them uncompact by default)--><indexterm
				id="att-compact">compact attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(yes | no | -dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="conaction" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>conaction</stentry> 
			 <stentry>This attribute enables users to push content into a new
				location. See 
				<xref href="theconactionattribute.dita"></xref> for examples and
				details about the syntax.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>(mark | pushafter | pushbefore | pushreplace |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="conkeyref" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>conkeyref</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Allows conref to operate using a key instead of a URI. See 
				<xref href="theconkeyrefattribute.dita"></xref> for more details
				about the syntax and behaviors.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="conref-topic"> 
			 <stentry>conref<!--description for conref to a topic--></stentry> 
			 <stentry>This attribute is used to reference an ID on a topic that
				can be reused. See 
				<xref href="theconrefattribute.dita"></xref> for examples and
				details about the syntax.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="conref-map"> 
			 <stentry>conref <!--description for conref to a map--></stentry> 
			 <stentry>This attribute is used to reference an ID on a map that can
				be reused. See 
				<xref href="theconrefattribute.dita"></xref> for examples and
				details about the syntax.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="conref"> 
			 <stentry>conref <!--description for conref to an element--></stentry>
			 
			 <stentry>This attribute is used to reference an ID on content that
				can be reused. See 
				<xref href="theconrefattribute.dita"></xref> for examples and
				details about the syntax.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="conref-topicref"> 
			 <stentry>conref</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Conref may be used within a map to reuse portions of a map
				(such as a topicref branch or relationship table). See 
				<xref href="theconrefattribute.dita"></xref> for examples and
				details about the syntax.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="conrefend" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>conrefend</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The conrefend attribute is used when reusing a range of
				elements through conref. The syntax is the same as for the conref attribute;
				see 
				<xref href="theconrefendattribute.dita"></xref> for
				examples.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="content"> 
			 <stentry>content</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The value for the property named in the name
				attribute.<indexterm id="att-content">content attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="copy-to"> 
			 <stentry>copy-to</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Use the copy-to attribute on the
				&lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt; element to provide a different file name
				for a particular instance of the topic in the map (for example, to separate out
				the different versions of the topic, rather than combining them on output). The
				links and navigation associated with that instance will point to a copy of the
				topic with the file name you specified. 
				<p>Use the &lt;<keyword>linktext</keyword>&gt; and
				  &lt;<keyword>shortdesc</keyword>&gt; in the
				  &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;&apos;s &lt;<keyword>topicmeta</keyword>&gt;
				  to provide a unique name and short description for the new copy.
				</p><indexterm id="att-copy-to">copy-to
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="data"> 
			 <stentry>data</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Contains a reference to the location of an object&apos;s
				data. If this attribute is a URL, it is specified relative to the value of the
				codebase attribute. If this attribute is set, the type attribute should also be
				set.<indexterm id="att-data">data attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="date"> 
			 <stentry>date</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The document creation date. Enter the date as YYYY-MM-DD
				where YYYY is the year, MM is the month from 01 to 12, and DD is the day from
				01-31. See 
				<xref format="html"
				 href="http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~mgk25/iso-time.html" scope="external">A Summary
				  of the International Standard Date and Time Notation</xref> for
				background.<indexterm id="att-date">date attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="declare"> 
			 <stentry>declare</stentry> 
			 <stentry>When this attribute is set to declare, the current object
				definition is a declaration only. The object must be instantiated by a later
				nested object definition referring to this declaration.<indexterm
				id="att-declare">declare attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>declare</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="disposition"> 
			 <stentry>disposition</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Status of the draft comment. Values can be issue, open,
				accepted, rejected, deferred, duplicate, reopened, unassigned, or
				completed.<indexterm id="att-disposition">disposition
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="domains" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>domains</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the specialized domains that are included in the
				DTD or Schema. This value will differ depending on what domains are included in
				the current DTD or Schema.<indexterm>domains attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry><i>Varies based on the DTD or Schema; a sample value is
				  "(topic ui-d) (topic hi-d) (topic pr-d) (topic sw-d) (topic ut-d) (topic
				  indexing-d)"</i></stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="DITAArchVersion"> 
			 <stentry>DITAArchVersion</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Designates the version of the architecture that is in use.
				The default value will increase with each release of DITA.<indexterm
				id="att-DITAArchVersion">DITAArchVersion attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>"1.2"</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="duplicates"> 
			 <stentry>duplicates</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies whether or not duplicate links will be filtered
				out of a linklist. Allowable values are: &quot;yes&quot; (allow duplicate
				links), or &quot;no&quot; (filter out duplicate links). In general, duplicate
				links in linklists are preserved.. Note that links are regarded as duplicates
				only if their content plus all attributes match. <!--Currently not supported in DITA
processing.--><indexterm id="att-duplicates">duplicates
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The attribute value is currently ignored, but should default
				to yes for links in linklists and no for all other links.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="expanse"> 
			 <stentry>expanse</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Determines the horizontal placement of the element.
				Allowable values are: 
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>page
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Places the element on the left page margin for
						left-to-right presentation, or right page margin for right-to-left
						presentation.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>column
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Aligns the element with the current column margin
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>textline
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Aligns the element with the left (for left to right
						presentation) or right (for right to left presentation) margin of the current
						text line and takes indention into account.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>spread
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Indicates that, if possible, the object should be rendered
						across a multi-page spread. If the rendition target does not have anything
						corresponding to spreads then spread has the same meaning as "page".
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl>
				<p id="pgwide-explain">In DITA tables, in place of the expanse
				  attribute used by other DITA elements, the pgwide attribute is used in order to
				  conform to the OASIS Exchange Table Model. This attribute has a similar
				  semantic (1=page width; 0=resize to galley or column).
				</p>
				<p>Some DITA processors or output formats may not be able to
				  support all values.
				</p><indexterm id="att-expanse">expanse
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(page | column | textline | spread |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="experiencelevel" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>experiencelevel</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the level of experience the audience is assumed to
				possess. Different audiences may have different experience levels with respect
				to the same topic; for example, a topic may require general knowledge from a
				programmer, but expert knowledge from a user. Beginning with DITA 1.2, values
				in this attribute are not limited to a small number of choices; the following
				values were used in DITA 1.0 and DITA 1.1, and are still provided as sample
				values:
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>novice
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A first time user.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>general
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>The most common user.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>expert
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>An experienced user.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl><indexterm id="att-experiencelevel">experiencelevel
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="expiry"> 
			 <stentry>expiry</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The date when the information should be retired or
				refreshed, entered as YYYY-MM-DD, where YYYY is the year, MM is the month from
				01 to 12, and DD is the day from 01-31.<indexterm id="att-expiry">expiry
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="format"> 
			 <stentry>format</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The format attribute identifies the format of the resource
				being referenced. See 
				<xref href="theformatattribute.dita"></xref> for details on
				supported values.<indexterm id="att-format">format
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="format-lq" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>format</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The format attribute identifies the format of the resource
				being referenced. See 
				<xref href="theformatattribute.dita"></xref> for details on
				supported values. In the absence of an explicit specification for the format
				attribute, an explicit value of type="internal" implies
				format="dita".</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="format-mapref" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>format</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The format attribute identifies the format of the resource
				being referenced. For elements like this one that are designed to reference
				another map, the value defaults to "ditamap". See 
				<xref href="theformatattribute.dita"></xref> for details on other
				supported values.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>ditamap</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="format-topicsetref" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>format</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The format attribute identifies the format of the resource
				being referenced. For the topicsetref element, this value defaults to
				"ditamap", because the element typically references a branch of a map. See 
				<xref href="theformatattribute.dita"></xref> for details on other
				supported values.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>ditamap</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="format-anchorref" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>format</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The format attribute identifies the format of the resource
				being referenced. For the anchorref element, this value defaults to "ditamap",
				because the element references a point in a map.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>ditamap</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="frame"> 
			 <stentry>frame</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies which portion of a border should surround the
				element. Allowable values are:
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>top
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Draw a line before the element
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>bottom
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Draw a line after the element
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>topbot
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Draw a line both before and after the element
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>all
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Draw a box around the element
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>sides
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Draw a line at each side of the element
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>none
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Don&apos;t draw any lines around this element
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl>
				<p>Some DITA processors or output formats may not be able to
				  support all values.
				</p><indexterm id="att-frame">frame attribute</indexterm></stentry>
			 
			 <stentry>(top | bottom | topbot | all | sides | none |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="golive"> 
			 <stentry>golive</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The publication or general availability (GA) date, entered
				as YYYY-MM-DD, where YYYY is the year, MM is the month from 01 to 12, and DD is
				the day from 01-31.<indexterm id="att-golive">golive
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="height" rev="1.1"> 
			 <stentry>height</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the vertical dimension for the resulting image
				display. If necessary, the image is scaled to the specified size. 
				<ph id="height-width-units">The value of this attribute is a real
				  number optionally followed by a unit of measure from the set of pc, pt, px, in,
				  cm, mm, em (picas, points, pixels, inches, centimeters, millimeters, and ems
				  respectively). The default unit is px (pixels). Possible values include: "5",
				  "5in", and "10.5cm".</ph> If a height value is specified and no width value is
				specified, the width will be scaled by the same factor as the height. 
				<ph id="height-width-scale-warning">If both a height value and
				  width value are specified, some implementations may not be able to scale the
				  two directions by a different factor and may therefore ignore one of the two
				  values.</ph><indexterm>height attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="height-object" rev="1.1"> 
			 <stentry>height</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the vertical dimension for the resulting object
				display. If necessary, the object is scaled to the specified size. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/height-width-units"></ph> If a height
				value is specified and no width value is specified, the width will be scaled by
				the same factor as the height. 
				<ph
				 conref="#commonLRdefs/height-width-scale-warning"></ph><indexterm>height
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="href" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>href</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Provides a reference to a resource. See 
				<xref href="thehrefattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on supported values and processing implications.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow>
<!-- <strow id="href-xref">
<stentry>href</stentry>
<stentry>A hyperlink to an external Web page (URL) or other non-DITA resource,
to another DITA topic in the same file or in another file, or to a specific
element inside a DITA topic. The format attribute identifies the format of
the target. Non-DITA targets use standard URL syntax. DITA content is targetted
as follows:<pre>Target elsewhere in the same file:
  href=&quot;#topicID&quot;
  href=&quot;#topicID/elemID
Target in a different file:
  href=&quot;filename.dita#topicID&quot;
  href=&quot;fname.dita#topicID/elemID&quot;</pre>Elements inside a topic
need to have their location scoped by the containing topic&apos;s ID. Only
the id of the target element and the topic that contains it matter: id&apos;s
on any other containing elements (for example an id on the &lt;<keyword>body</keyword>&gt;
element) are not part of the link syntax.<p>If the URL contains an ampersand
character, the ampersand symbol (&amp;amp;) should be used to indicate that
character</p><indexterm>href attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>-->
		  <strow id="href-topicref" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>href</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A pointer to the resource represented by the
				&lt;topicref&gt;. See 
				<xref href="thehrefattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on supported values and processing implications. References to DITA content
				cannot be below the topic level: that is, you cannot reference individual
				elements inside a topic. 
				<ph id="non-dita-href">References to content other than DITA topics
				  should use the format attribute to identify the kind of resource being
				  referenced.</ph></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="href-topicsetref" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>href</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A pointer to the topicset represented by the
				&lt;topicsetref&gt;.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="href-anchorref" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>href</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A pointer to an &lt;anchor&gt; element in this or another
				DITA map. When rendered, the contents of the &lt;anchorref&gt; element will be
				copied to the location of the anchor.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="href-glossref" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>href</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A pointer to a glossary definition, typically a
				&lt;glossentry&gt; topic. See 
				<xref href="thehrefattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on supported values and processing implications. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/non-dita-href"></ph></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="href-booklist"> 
			 <stentry>href</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Points to a manual listing for the current element. See 
				<xref href="thehrefattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on supported values and processing implications. If no href is specified,
				processors may choose to generate an appropriate listing for this element. All
				of the book listings operate in a similar manner; for example, &lt;toc
				href="toc.dita"/&gt; points to a topic which contains a manual table of
				contents, while &lt;toc/&gt; indicates that a processor should generate the
				table of contents. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/non-dita-href"></ph><indexterm>href
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="href-glossAlternateFor" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>href</stentry> 
			 <stentry>References a term for which the current variant is an
				alternate (in addition to the primary term of this glossentry topic). The
				reference will often be to another glossAlt element within the same glossentry
				topic, indicating that the current variant is an alternate for both the primary
				term and the referenced alternate term.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="href-synnoteref"> 
			 <stentry>href</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A reference to the target syntax note (&lt;synnote&gt;)
				element. The referenced syntax note must be in the same syntax diagram as the
				synnoteref element. See 
				<xref href="thehrefattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on supported values and processing implications. (Processing assumes the
				equivalent of scope="local" and format="dita".)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow>
<!--<strow id="href-defining">
<stentry>href</stentry>
<stentry>A hyperlink representing a resource that defines the person or company
named in the parent element. For example, you could use this attribute to
cite the URL for the named entity&apos;s <q>home page.</q> The href attribute
identifies the destination of the resource using conventional URL syntax.<indexterm
id="att-href-defining">href attribute<indexterm>defining</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>-->
		  <strow id="href-fragref"> 
			 <stentry>href</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A reference to a syntax diagram fragment element. The
				referenced fragment must be in the same diagram as the fragref element. See 
				<xref href="thehrefattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on supported values and processing implications. (Processing assumes the
				equivalent of scope="local" and format="dita".)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="href-image" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>href</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Provides a reference to the image. See 
				<xref href="thehrefattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on supported values and processing implications.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="href-image-required" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>href</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Provides a reference to the image. See 
				<xref href="thehrefattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on supported values and processing implications.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow>
<!-- href-lq is no longer used -->
<!--<strow id="href-lq">
<stentry>href</stentry>
<stentry>A hyperlink representing a bibliographic citation to resources that
can be accessed by browsers (meaning a URL). The href attribute identifies
the destination of the resource using conventional URL syntax.<indexterm id="att-href-lq">href
attribute<indexterm>lq</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>-->
		  <strow id="href-source"> 
			 <stentry>href</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Provides a reference to a resource from which the present
				resource is derived. See 
				<xref href="thehrefattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on supported values and processing implications.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="id-topic"> 
			 <stentry>id</stentry> 
			 <stentry>This ID enables topics to be referenced uniquely by
				topicrefs in DITA maps.<indexterm>id attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>ID</stentry> 
			 <stentry> <!-- No default --> 
			 </stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="id"> 
			 <stentry>id</stentry> 
			 <stentry>An anchor point. This ID is the target for references by
				href and conref attributes and for external applications that refer to DITA
				content. See 
				<xref href="../archSpec/id.dita"></xref> in the Architectural
				Specification for more details.<indexterm>id attribute</indexterm></stentry><?Pub
Caret 200?>
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="id-anchor" rev="1.1"> 
			 <stentry>id</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Provides an integration point that another map may reference
				in order to insert its navigation into the current navigation tree. The
				anchorref attribute on a map may be used to reference this attribute. See 
				<xref href="../archSpec/id.dita"></xref> in the Architectural
				Specification for more details.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="id-anchorid" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>id</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates an ID within the a specific topic that will be
				preserved during processing. Any conref values referencing the indicated ID
				will not be resolved; when possible, the original relationship should be
				preserved in any processed document. Note that this element creates an
				exception to the general rules that IDs may only be used once within a single
				topic or within a map; this is because the ID is actually a pointer to another
				target, rather than being a target itself.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="id-topicref"> 
			 <stentry>id</stentry> 
			 <stentry>This ID is the target for references by conref attributes,
				to allow build-time integration of maps. See 
				<xref href="../archSpec/id.dita"></xref> in the Architectural
				Specification for more details.<indexterm>id attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>ID</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="id-topicset"> 
			 <stentry>id</stentry> 
			 <stentry>This ID is the target for references by to the current set
				of information. The ID is required in order to ensure that a topicset is
				defined as a reusable unit of information. See 
				<xref href="../archSpec/id.dita"></xref> in the Architectural
				Specification for more details.<indexterm>id attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>ID</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="id-resourceid"> 
			 <stentry>id</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The value used by a specific application to identify the
				topic.<indexterm>id attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="id-param"> 
			 <stentry>id</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The id of the parameter.<indexterm>id
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>ID</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="id-map" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>id</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Allows an ID to be specified for the map. Note that maps do
				not require IDs (unlike topics), and the map ID is not included in references
				to elements within a map.<indexterm id="att-idmap">id
				  attribute<indexterm>map</indexterm></indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>ID</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="id-learning"> 
			 <stentry>id</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Defines an ID by which the element may be
				referenced.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="importance-optreq"> 
			 <stentry>importance</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The attribute indicates whether this item in a syntax
				diagram is 
				<keyword>optional</keyword> or 
				<keyword>required</keyword>. Output processors may indicate this
				designation in a generated diagram. See 
				<xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">this topic</xref> for more
				information on the -dita-use-​conref-​target value.<indexterm
				id="att-importance-optreq">importance
				  attribute<indexterm>delim</indexterm><indexterm>fragref</indexterm><indexterm>repsep</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
			 
			 <stentry>optional | required | -dita-use-​conref-​target</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="importance-var"> 
			 <stentry>importance</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The attribute indicates whether this item in a syntax
				diagram is 
				<keyword>optional</keyword>, 
				<keyword>required</keyword>, or 
				<keyword>default</keyword>. Output processors may indicate this
				designation in a generated diagram. See 
				<xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita"></xref> for more information
				on the -dita-use-​conref-​target value.<indexterm>importance
				  attribute<indexterm>var</indexterm><indexterm>kwd</indexterm><indexterm>oper</indexterm><indexterm>sep</indexterm><indexterm>Syntax
					 groups</indexterm></indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>optional | required | default |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="importance"> 
			 <stentry>importance</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A range of values that describe an importance or priority
				attributed to an element. For example, in steps of a task, the attribute
				indicates whether a step is optional or required. This attribute is not used
				for DITAVAL-based filtering or flagging; applications may (but need not) use
				the importance value to highlight elements.<indexterm
				id="att-importance">importance attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>obsolete | deprecated | optional | default | low | normal |
				high | recommended | required | urgent | -dita-use-​conref-​target</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="importance-step"> 
			 <stentry>importance</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes whether the current step or substep is optional or
				required. Output processors may (but need not) highlight steps that are
				optional or required.<indexterm>importance attribute<indexterm>step,
					 substep</indexterm></indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>optional | required | -dita-use-​conref-​target</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="job" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>job</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the high-level task the audience for the topic is
				trying to accomplish. Different audiences may read the same topic in terms of
				different high-level tasks; for example, an administrator may read the topic
				while administering, while a programmer may read the same topic while
				customizing. Beginning with DITA 1.2, values in this attribute are not limited
				to a small number of choices; the following values were used in DITA 1.0 and
				DITA 1.1, and are still provided as sample values: 
				<keyword>installing</keyword>, 
				<keyword>customizing</keyword>, 
				<keyword>administering</keyword>, 
				<keyword> programming</keyword>, 
				<keyword> using</keyword>, 
				<keyword>maintaining</keyword>, 
				<keyword>troubleshooting</keyword>, 
				<keyword>evaluating</keyword>, 
				<keyword>planning</keyword>, 
				<keyword>migrating</keyword>, 
				<keyword>other</keyword>, 
				<xref
				 href="ditauseconreftarget.dita"><keyword>-dita-use-​conref-​target</keyword></xref>.<indexterm
				id="att-job">job attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="keycol"> 
			 <stentry>keycol</stentry> 
			 <stentry rev="1.2">Defines the column that can contains headings for
				each row. No value indicates no key column. When present, the numerical value
				causes the specified column to be treated as a vertical header.<indexterm
				id="att-keycol">keycol attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="keycol-choicetable"> 
			 <stentry>keycol</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Defines the column that will be used for row headings. By
				default, the first column is used. To indicate that no column in the table is
				the key column, set the attribute to 0.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>1</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="keyref" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>keyref</stentry> 
			 <stentry><ph id="keyrefDescription">Keyref provides a redirectable
				  reference based on a key defined within a map. See 
				  <xref href="thekeyrefattribute.dita"></xref> for information on
				  using this attribute.</ph></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="keyref-abbreviated-form" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>keyref</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The keyref attribute on &lt;abbreviated-form&gt; is used to
				reference a term, typically defined in a &lt;glossentry&gt; topic. See 
				<xref href="thekeyrefattribute.dita"></xref> for details about
				syntax and processing concerns.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="keyref-anchorkey"> 
			 <stentry>keyref</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Defines a key that, when possible, should be preserved in
				content generated from the DITA source material. Conref relationships that use
				this key should not be resolved when generating that material, so that conref
				may be resolved at run-time when an end user is reading the content.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow>
<!--
<strow id="keyref-indexterm">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to identify a higher-level
index term that the current index term should be added under. Currently
not implemented in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm>keyref attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
-->
<!--
<strow id="keyref-cite">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Currently not implemented in DITA processors. Provides a
key that a process can use to look up the location of the cited material,
and potentially create a link to it.<indexterm id="att-keyref-cite">keyref
attribute<indexterm>cite</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
-->
<!--
<strow id="keyref-author">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to look up the path
to author information, and potentially create a link to it. Currently
not implemented in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm
id="att-keyref-author">keyref attribute<indexterm>author</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
-->
<!--
<strow id="keyref-cmd">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to associate the &lt;<keyword>cmd</keyword>&gt;
with another task that provides more details for that particular step.
Currently not implemented in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm
id="att-keyref-cmd">keyref attribute<indexterm>cmd</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
-->
<!--
<strow id="keyref-cmdname">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to associate the &lt;<keyword>cmdname</keyword>&gt;
with the reference topic for the command, if the command name itself
isn&apos;t sufficient. Currently not implemented in the DITA Open
Toolkit.<indexterm id="att-keyref-cmdname">keyref attribute<indexterm>cmdname</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
-->
<!--
<strow id="keyref-dt">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to associate the &lt;<keyword>dt</keyword>&gt;
with a topic elsewhere (such as a related reference or concept). Currently
not implemented in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm id="att-keyref-dt">keyref
attribute<indexterm>dt</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<-->
<!--
strow id="keyref-image">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to refer to the &lt;<keyword>image</keyword>&gt;
by a key rather than referencing it directly. Currently not implemented
in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm
id="att-keyref-image">keyref attribute<indexterm>image</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
-->
<!--keyref here is a pointer to an indexterm, using the keyref mechanism so that you can use the indirection to change what it points to for different contexts-->
<!--
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to identify the indexterm
which the current location should be added to. Currently not implemented
in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm
id="att-keyref-indextermref">keyref attribute<indexterm>indextermref</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
-->
<!--
<strow id="keyref-keyword">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to associate the &lt;<keyword>keyword</keyword>&gt;
with another topic that provides more details for that particular
keyword. Currently not implemented in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm
id="att-keyref-keyword">keyref attribute<indexterm>keyword</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
-->
<!--
<strow id="keyref-kwd">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to associate the &lt;<keyword>kwd</keyword>&gt;
with another topic that provides more details for that particular
keyword. Currently not implemented in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm
id="att-keyref-kwd">keyref attribute<indexterm>kwd</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
-->
		  <strow id="keys" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>keys</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Introduces one or more global identifiers for a resource
				referenced from a map. See 
				<xref href="thekeysattribute.dita"></xref> for details on how to
				use the keys attribute.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="keys-glossref" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>keys</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Associates one or more space-delimited keys with the target
				of the glossary reference. See 
				<xref href="thekeysattribute.dita"></xref> for information on using
				the attribute.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="linking"> 
			 <stentry>linking</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Defines some specific linking characteristics of a
				topic&apos;s current location in the map. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/inherit-in-map"></ph>
				<dl> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>targetonly
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic can only be linked to and cannot link to other
						topics.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>sourceonly
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic cannot be linked to but can link to other topics.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>normal
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic can be linked to and can link to other topics. Use
						this to override the linking value of a parent topic.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>none
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic cannot be linked to or link to other topics.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl><indexterm id="att-linking">linking
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(targetonly | sourceonly | normal | none |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="linking-keydef"> 
			 <stentry>linking</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Defines some specific linking characteristics of the key
				definition. The default for &lt;keydef&gt; is "none", meaning that no linking
				will be generated for the element.
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>targetonly
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic can only be linked to and cannot link to other
						topics.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>sourceonly
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic cannot be linked to but can link to other topics.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>normal
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic can be linked to and can link to other topics. Use
						this to override the linking value of a parent topic.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>none
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic cannot be linked to or link to other topics.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(targetonly | sourceonly | normal | none |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>none</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="linking-glossref"> 
			 <stentry>linking</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Defines some specific linking characteristics of a glossary
				topic&apos;s current location in the map. The value defaults to "none" in order
				to keep individual glossary entries from creating links based on their location
				in the map. 
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>targetonly
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic can only be linked to and cannot link to other
						topics.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>sourceonly
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic cannot be linked to but can link to other topics.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>normal
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic can be linked to and can link to other topics. Use
						this to override the linking value of a parent topic.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>none
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic cannot be linked to or link to other topics.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(targetonly | sourceonly | normal | none |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>none</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="linking-relatedSubjects"> 
			 <stentry>linking</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Defines some specific linking characteristics of a
				topic&apos;s current location in the map.
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>targetonly
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic can only be linked to and cannot link to other
						topics.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>sourceonly
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic cannot be linked to but can link to other topics.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>normal
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic can be linked to and can link to other topics. Use
						this to override the linking value of a parent topic.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>none
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A topic cannot be linked to or link to other topics.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(targetonly | sourceonly | normal | none |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>normal</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="linking-subjectHead"> 
			 <stentry>linking</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Defines some specific linking characteristics of subject
				topics. "normal" is the only valid value, and is specified as the default in
				the DTD and Schema. When attribute values cascade, this causes a linking value
				of "normal" to cascade to the subjects.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>(normal)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>normal</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="lockmeta"> 
			 <stentry>lockmeta</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates whether any of the meta information should be
				replaced by meta information in the referenced topic. If the value is yes, the
				information inside &lt;topicmeta&gt; should not be replaced with information
				from the topic.<indexterm id="att-lockmeta">lockmeta
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(yes | no | -dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="locktitle"> 
			 <stentry>locktitle</stentry> 
			 <stentry rev="public-review-1"> If locktitle is set to "yes", the
				&lt;navtitle&gt; element or @navtitle attribute is used if it is present.
				Otherwise, the navtitle is ignored and the navigation title is retrieved from
				the referenced file. 
				<note id="deprecated_navtitle_attribute">The @navtitle attribute is
				  deprecated in favor of the &lt;navtitle&gt; element. When both a
				  &lt;navtitle&gt; element and a navtitle attribute are specified, the
				  &lt;navtitle&gt; element should be used. 
				</note> 
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>yes
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>The navtitle in the map is used.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>no
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>The navtitle or title of the topic is used. This is the
						processing default.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl><indexterm id="att-locktitle">locktitle
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(yes | no | -dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="longdescref" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>longdescref 
				<i>(deprecated)</i></stentry> 
			 <stentry>A reference to a textual description of the graphic or
				object. This attribute supports creating accessible content. See 
				<xref href="thehrefattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on supported values and processing implications. 
				<ph>For examples of how this attribute is used in output, see this
				  this topic on 
				  <xref format="html"
					href="http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG10-HTML-TECHS/#long-descriptions"
					scope="external">long descriptions</xref>.</ph> NOTE: This attribute is
				deprecated in favor of the 
				<xref href="../langref/longdescref.dita">longdescref</xref>
				subelement to this element.<indexterm id="att-longdescref">longdescref
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="mapkeyref"> 
			 <stentry>mapkeyref</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Identifies the map, if any, from which the contained links
				are derived. This value is automatically generated by the same process that
				creates the links from the map, as a way to identify which map the links came
				from. If the &lt;<keyword>linklist</keyword>&gt; or
				&lt;<keyword>linkpool</keyword>&gt; is manually created by the author, there is
				no need to use this attribute. 
				<ph rev="1.2.3">Note that this attribute is not related to the
				  keyref attribute, and is not used for key based processing.</ph><!--actually is supported, as documented (ie, doesn't apply to linklist, and is never seen in linkpool since it's added to an intermediate file we don't currently preserve)--><indexterm
				id="att-mapkeyref">mapkeyref attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="mapref"> 
			 <stentry>mapref</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the URL (local filename, at least) of the map file
				to reference. <!--<ph
conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/only4eclipse"></ph>--> It may point to a
				DITA map, or to a file that is appropriate for your output format (such as XML
				TOC file for Eclipse output).<indexterm id="att-mapref">mapref
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="modification" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>modification</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the modification level of the current version and
				release.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="modified"> 
			 <stentry>modified</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The last modification date, entered as YYYY-MM-DD, where
				YYYY is the year, MM is the month from 01 to 12, and DD is the day from
				01-31.<indexterm id="att-modified">modified attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="morerows"> 
			 <stentry>morerows</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the number of additional rows to add in a vertical
				span. 
				<indexterm id="att-morerows">morerows
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="name"> 
			 <stentry>name</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Defines a unique name for the object.<!-- This description is taken from http://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_object.asp --><indexterm>name
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="name-state"> 
			 <stentry>name</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The name of the property whose state is being
				described.<indexterm>name attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="name-bookeventtype"> 
			 <stentry>name</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The name of the event represented by this
				element.<indexterm>name attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="name-param"> 
			 <stentry>name</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The name of the parameter.<indexterm>name
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="name-othermeta"> 
			 <stentry>name</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The name of the metadata property.<indexterm>name
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="name-audience"> 
			 <stentry>name</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Used to associate the audience element with values used in
				the audience attribute<indexterm id="att-name-audience">name
				  attribute<indexterm>audience</indexterm></indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="name-elementdef" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>name</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Defines the element for which an attribute enumeration is
				defined.<indexterm>name attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="name-attributedef" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>name</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Defines an attribute that will take a set of enumerated
				values.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="name-glossProperty" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>name</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Defines the name of a property that describes the glossentry
				term.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="nameend"> 
			 <stentry>nameend</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the last logical column that is included in a
				horizontal span.<indexterm id="att-nameend">nameend
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="namest"> 
			 <stentry>namest</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the first logical column that is included in a
				horizontal span.<indexterm id="att-namest">namest
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="navtitle" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>navtitle</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the title of the topic as it will appear in the
				navigation or tables of contents that are generated from the map. Beginning
				with DITA 1.2, the preferred way to specify the navigation title in a map is
				with the navtitle element, available inside the topicmeta element.<indexterm id="att-navtitle">navtitle
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="navtitle-topichead" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>navtitle</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies a title that will appear in navigation or tables
				of contents generated from the map. Beginning with DITA 1.2 this attribute is
				no longer required, because the navtitle may be specified in an
				element.<indexterm>navtitle
				  attribute<indexterm>topichead</indexterm></indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="otherjob"> 
			 <stentry>otherjob</stentry> 
			 <stentry>If the job attribute value is &quot;other&quot; the value of
				this attribute is used to identify a kind of job other than the default ones
				provided by the job attribute. 
				<indexterm id="att-otherjob">otherjob
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="otherprops"> 
			 <stentry>otherprops</stentry> 
			 <stentry>This attribute can be used for any other properties that
				might be needed to describe an audience, or to provide selection criteria for
				the element. Alternatively, the props attribute may be specialized to provide a
				new metadata attribute instead of using the general otherprops attribute. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/propertyvalueattr"></ph> 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/may-inherit"></ph> 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/space-delimited-property"></ph><indexterm
				id="att-otherprops">otherprops attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="otherrole"> 
			 <stentry>otherrole</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates an alternate role. This value is used when the
				role attribute is set to other.<indexterm id="att-otherrole">otherrole
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="othertype-audience"> 
			 <stentry>othertype</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates an alternate audience type, when the type is not
				available in the type attribute value list. This value is used as the
				user-provided audience when the type attribute value is set to
				&quot;other.&quot;<indexterm id="att-othertype">othertype
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="othertype-note"> 
			 <stentry>othertype</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates an alternate note type, when the type is not
				available in the type attribute value list. This value is used as the
				user-provided note title when the type attribute value is set to
				&quot;other.&quot;<indexterm id="att-othertype-note">othertype
				  attribute<indexterm>note</indexterm></indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="outputclass"> 
			 <stentry>outputclass</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Names a role that the element is playing. The role must be
				consistent with the basic semantic and expectations for the element. In
				particular, the outputclass attribute can be used for styling during output
				processing; HTML output will typically preserve outputclass for CSS
				processing.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="placement"> 
			 <stentry>placement</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates whether an image should be displayed inline or
				separated from the surrounding text. The processing default is inline.
				Allowable values are: inline or break. See 
				<xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita"></xref> for more information
				on the -dita-use-​conref-​target value.<indexterm id="att-placement">placement
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(inline | break | -dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>inline</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="platform"> 
			 <stentry>platform</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates operating system and hardware. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/propertyvalueattr"></ph> 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/may-inherit"></ph> 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/space-delimited-property"></ph><indexterm
				id="att-platform">platform attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="processing-role"> 
			 <stentry>processing-role</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes the processing role of the referenced topic. The
				processing default is "normal". 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/inherit-in-map"></ph>
				<dl> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>normal
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Normal topic that is a readable part of the information.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>resource-only
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>The topic is used as a resource for processing purposes,
						but is not a readable unit of information on its own. This topic should not be
						included in a rendered table of contents, and the topic should not be rendered
						on its own.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl><indexterm>processing-role attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(normal | resource-only |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="processing-role-default-resource-only"> 
			 <stentry>processing-role</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes the processing role of the referenced topic. The
				default for this attribute on this element is "resource-only". 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/inherit-in-map"></ph>
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>normal
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Normal topic that is a readable part of the information.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>resource-only
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>The topic is used as a resource for processing purposes,
						but is not a readable unit of information on its own. This topic should not be
						included in a rendered table of contents, and the topic should not be rendered
						on its own.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(normal | resource-only |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>resource-only</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="processing-role-keydef"> 
			 <stentry>processing-role</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes the processing role of the referenced topic. The
				default for this attribute on &lt;keydef&gt; is "resource-only". 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/inherit-in-map"></ph>
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>normal
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Normal topic that is a readable part of the information.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>resource-only
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>The topic is used as a resource for processing purposes,
						but is not a readable unit of information on its own. This topic should not be
						included in a rendered table of contents, and the topic should not be rendered
						on its own.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(normal | resource-only |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>resource-only</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="print"> 
			 <stentry>print</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies whether the topic should be included in a
				print-specific rendition, such as PDF. The processing default is "yes". 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/inherit-in-map"></ph>
				<dl id="printvalues"> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>yes
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Include the topic in the print-oriented file.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>no
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Do not include the topic in a print-oriented file.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>printonly
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Only include the topic when rendering the DITA content in a
						print-oriented context; the topic should not be included in other contexts,
						such as when rendering as HTML.<!--Directs processing to skip the parent topic for non-print outputs
of map.-->
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl><indexterm id="att-print">print
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(yes | no | printonly | -dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry>
			 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="print-default-no" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>print</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies whether the topic should be included in a
				print-specific rendition, such as PDF. On this element the value defaults to
				"no".
				<dl conref="#commonLRdefs/printvalues">
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(yes | no | printonly | -dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry>
			 
			 <stentry>no</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="product"> 
			 <stentry>product</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Contains the name of the product to which the element
				applies. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/propertyvalueattr"></ph> 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/may-inherit"></ph> 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/space-delimited-property"></ph></stentry>
			 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="query"> 
			 <stentry>query</stentry> 
			 <stentry>This attribute is deprecated. It may be removed in the
				future.<indexterm>query attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="refcols"> 
			 <stentry>refcols</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The refcols attribute is currently undefined, and is
				reserved for future use.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKENS</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="reftitle"> 
			 <stentry>reftitle</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The title of the document or topic being quoted.<indexterm
				id="att-reftitle">reftitle attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="relcolwidth"> 
			 <stentry>relcolwidth</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A relative value to specify the width of a column in
				relationship to the width of the other columns. The values are totaled and made
				a percent. For example: 
				<codeblock>relcolwidth=&quot;1* 2* 3*&quot;</codeblock> causes widths of 16.7%, 33.3%, and 66.7%. 
				<codeblock>relcolwidth=&quot;90* 150*&quot;</codeblock> causes width of 37.5% and 62.5%.<indexterm
				id="att-relcolwidth">relcolwidth attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="release"> 
			 <stentry>release</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Contains the product release identifier.<indexterm
				id="att-release">release attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="remap"> 
			 <stentry>remap</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the element that the contents of the
				required-cleanup element were mapped from (provides an idea about what the new
				intent should be).<indexterm id="att-remap">remap
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="rev" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>rev</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates a revision level of an element that identifies
				when the element was added or modified. It 
				<i>may</i> be used to flag outputs when it matches a run-time
				parameter; 
				<ph rev="public-review-1">it cannot be used for filtering. It is
				  not sufficient to be used for version control.</ph><ph
				conref="#commonLRdefs/may-inherit"/><indexterm id="att-rev">rev
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="role"> 
			 <stentry>role</stentry> 
			 <stentry><ph id="role-description">The role attribute defines the
				  role the target topic plays in relationship with the current topic. For
				  example, in a parent/child relationship, the role would be &quot;parent&quot;
				  when the target is the parent of the current topic, and &quot;child&quot; when
				  the target is the child of the current topic. This structure could be used to
				  sort and classify links at display time. 
				</ph> See 
				<xref href="theroleattribute.dita"></xref> for information on
				supported values.
				<p>The role attribute values 
				  <i>sample</i> and 
				  <i>external</i> are deprecated.
				</p></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(parent | child | sibling | friend | next | previous |
				cousin | ancestor | descendant | 
				<i>sample</i> | 
				<i>external</i> | other | -dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="rowheader"> 
			 <stentry>rowheader</stentry> 
			 <stentry>This attribute specifies whether the content of the first
				column in a table contains row headings. In the same way that a column header
				introduces a table column, the row header introduces the table row. This
				attribute makes tables whose first column contains row headings more readable
				on output. Allowable values are:
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>firstcol
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>The first column contains the row headings.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>norowheader
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Indicates that no column contains row headings. This is the
						processing default.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl>
				<p rev="1.2.2">Note that this attribute is not part of the OASIS
				  Exchange Table model upon which DITA tables are based; because of this, some
				  DITA processors or output formats may not be able to support all values.
				</p><indexterm id="att-rowheader">rowheader
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(firstCol | norowheader|
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="rowsep"> 
			 <stentry>rowsep</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Row separator. A value of 0 indicates no separators; 1
				indicates separators.<indexterm id="att-rowsep">rowsep
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="scale"> 
			 <stentry>scale</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies a percentage, selected from an enumerated list,
				that is used to resize fonts in relation to the normal text size. 
				<ph>This attribute is primarily useful for print-oriented
				  display.</ph>
				<p>The scale attribute provides an acknowledged style-based
				  property directly on DITA elements. For the table and fig elements, the intent
				  of the property is to allow authors to adjust font sizes on the content of the
				  containing element, primarily for print accomodation. An image in these
				  contexts is to be scaled only by its own direct scale property. If not
				  specifically scaled, such an image is unchanged by the scale property of its
				  parent table or fig.
				</p>
				<p>Some DITA processors or output formats may not be able to
				  support all values.
				</p><indexterm id="att-scale">scale attribute</indexterm></stentry>
			 
			 <stentry>(50 | 60 | 70 | 80 | 90 | 100 | 110 | 120 | 140 | 160 | 180
				| 200 | 
				<xref
				href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-​conref-​target</xref>)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="scale-image" rev="1.1"> 
			 <stentry>scale</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies a percentage by which to scale the image in the
				absence of any specified image height or width; a value of 100 implies that the
				image should be presented at its intrinsic size. If a value has been specified
				for this image's height or width attribute (or both), the scale attribute is
				ignored.<indexterm>scale attribute</indexterm> 
				<p>It is an error if the value of this attribute is not an unsigned
				  integer. In this case, the implementation may (but need not) give an error
				  message and may (but need not) recover by ignoring this attribute.
				</p></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="scalefit" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>scalefit</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Allow an image to be scaled to fit within available space.
				If, for a given image, any one of height, width, or scale is specified, those
				attributes determine the graphic size, and any setting of scalefit is ignored.
				If none of those attributes are specified and scalefit="yes", then the image is
				scaled (the same factor in both dimensions) so that the graphic will just fit
				within the available height or width (whichever is more constraining). 
				<p>The available width would be the prevailing column (or table
				  cell) width--that is, the width a paragraph of text would have if the graphic
				  were a paragraph instead. The available height is implementation dependent, but
				  if feasible, it is suggested to be the page (or table cell) height or some
				  other reasonable value.
				</p></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(yes | no | 
				<xref
				 href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-​conref-​target</xref>)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="scope" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>scope</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The scope attribute identifies the closeness of the
				relationship between the current document and the target resource. See 
				<xref href="thescopeattribute.dita"></xref> for more information on
				values.<indexterm>scope attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(local | peer | external |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="scope-lq" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>scope</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The scope attribute identifies the closeness of the
				relationship between the current document and the target resource. See 
				<xref href="thescopeattribute.dita"></xref> for more information on
				values. In the absence of an explicit specification for the scope attribute, an
				explicit value of type="external" implies scope="external".<indexterm>scope
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(local | peer | external |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="search"> 
			 <stentry>search</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes whether the target is available for searching. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/inherit-in-map"></ph>
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>yes
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>no
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt><xref
						href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-​conref-​target</xref>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl><indexterm id="att-search">search
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(yes | no | -dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="specentry"> 
			 <stentry>specentry</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The specialized entry attribute allows architects of
				specialized types to define a fixed or default header title for a specialized
				stentry element. Not intended for direct use by authors.<indexterm
				id="att-specentry">specentry attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="spectitle"> 
			 <stentry>spectitle</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The specialized title attribute allows architects of
				specialized types to define a fixed or default title for a specialized element.
				Not intended for direct use by authors.<indexterm id="att-spectitle">spectitle
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="standby"> 
			 <stentry>standby</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Contains a message to be displayed while an object is
				loading.<indexterm id="att-standby">standby attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="state"> 
			 <stentry>state</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The state of the boolean element. Allowable values are: yes
				no<indexterm id="att-state">state attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(yes | no | -dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="status"> 
			 <stentry>status</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The modification status of the current element. 
				<indexterm id="att-status">status attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>new | changed | deleted | unchanged |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="tabindex"> 
			 <stentry>tabindex</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Position the object in tabbing order.<indexterm
				id="att-tabindex">tabindex attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="time"> 
			 <stentry>time</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes when the draft comment was created.<indexterm
				id="att-time">time attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="title"> 
			 <stentry>title</stentry> 
			 <stentry>An identifying title for this element.<indexterm
				id="att-title">title attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="title-map" rev="1.1"> 
			 <stentry>title</stentry> 
			 <stentry>An identifying title for the map. May be used or ignored,
				depending on the capabilities of the display mechanism. Note that beginning
				with DITA 1.1, the map can include a title element, which is preferred over the
				title attribute.<indexterm>title attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="tmclass"> 
			 <stentry>tmclass</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Classification of the trademark. This may used to
				differentiate different groupings of trademarks.<indexterm
				id="att-tmclass">tmclass attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="tmowner"> 
			 <stentry>tmowner</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The trademark owner, for example &quot;OASIS&quot;<indexterm
				id="att-tmowner">tmowner attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="tmtype"> 
			 <stentry>tmtype</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the trademark type: trademark (tm), registered
				trademark (regtm), or service mark (service)<indexterm id="att-tmtype">tmtype
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>(tm | reg | service | -dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="toc"> 
			 <stentry>toc</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies whether a topic appears in the table of contents
				(TOC). 
				<ph id="inherit-in-map">If the value is not specified locally, but
				  is specified on an ancestor, the value will cascade from the closest
				  ancestor.</ph><indexterm>toc attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(yes | no | 
				<xref
				 href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-​conref-​target</xref>)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="toc-default-no" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>toc</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies whether a topic appears in the table of contents
				(toc); on this element the default is no. This value defaults to no for
				elements such as reltable, which typically cannot appear in the toc, and for
				elements such as glossref that generally are not desired in the
				toc.<indexterm>toc attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(yes | no | 
				<xref
				 href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-​conref-​target</xref>)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>"no"</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="trademark"> 
			 <stentry>trademark</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The trademarked term<indexterm id="att-trademark">trademark
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="translate"> 
			 <stentry>translate</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates whether the content of the element should be
				translated or not. The DITA architectural specification contains a list of each
				OASIS DITA element and its common processing default for the translate
				value.<indexterm>translate attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>yes | no | 
				<xref
				 href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-​conref-​target</xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="translate-default-no"> 
			 <stentry>translate</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates whether the content of the element should be
				translated or not. Setting to "yes" will override the default. The DITA
				architectural specification contains a list of each OASIS DITA element and its
				common processing default for the translate value; because this element uses an
				actual default, it will always be treated as translate="no" unless overridden
				as described.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>yes | no | 
				<xref
				 href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-​conref-​target</xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry>"no"</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="translate-content"> 
			 <stentry>translate-content</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates whether the content attribute of the defined
				metadata property should be translated or not.<indexterm
				id="att-translate-content">translate-content attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>yes | no | 
				<xref
				 href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-​conref-​target</xref></stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="type"> 
			 <stentry>type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes the target of a reference. See 
				<xref href="thetypeattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on supported values and processing implications.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="type-audience"> 
			 <stentry>type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the kind of person for whom the content of the
				topic is intended. 
				<ph id="nonstandard-type">Note that this differs from the type
				  attribute on many other DITA elements.</ph> Allowable values are:
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>user
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A user of the product
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>purchaser
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A product purchaser
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>administrator
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A product administrator
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>programmer
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A programmer
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>executive
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>An executive
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>services
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Someone who provides services related to the product
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>other
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Use the value specified by the othertype attribute
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl><indexterm id="att-type-audience">type
				  attribute<indexterm>audience</indexterm></indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(user | purchaser | administrator | programmer | executive |
				services | other | -dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="type-author" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes the target of a reference. See 
				<xref href="thetypeattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on supported values and processing implications. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/nonstandard-type"></ph> Beginning with
				DITA 1.2, values in this attribute are not limited to a small number of
				choices; the following values were used in DITA 1.0 and DITA 1.1, and are also
				recognized for the author element (and its specializations):
				<dl> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>creator
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>The primary or original author of the content.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>contributor
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>An additional author who is not primary.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="type-copyright" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the legal status of the copyright holder. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/nonstandard-type"></ph> Beginning with
				DITA 1.2, values in this attribute are not limited to a small number of
				choices; the following values were used in DITA 1.0 and DITA 1.1, and are still
				provided as sample values:
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>primary
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>The copyright holder with first claim on the copyright
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>secondary
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>An additional copyright holder who is not primary
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl><indexterm id="att-type-copyright">type
				  attribute<indexterm>copyright</indexterm></indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="type-hazardstatement"> 
			 <stentry>type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes the level of hazard. Safety hazard level
				definitions correspond to the same values in the ANSI Z535 and the ISO 3864
				standards.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>(note | tip | fastpath | restriction | important | remember
				| attention | caution | notice | danger | warning | other |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="type-note" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Defines the type of a note. For example, if the note is a
				tip, the word 
				<b>Tip</b> is used to draw the reader&apos;s attention to it. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/nonstandard-type"></ph> See 
				<xref href="thetypeattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on supported values and processing implications.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>(note | tip | fastpath | restriction | important | remember
				| attention | caution | notice | danger | warning | other |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="type-lq"> 
			 <stentry>type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the location of the source of the quote. Note that
				this allows some values in addition to those allowed on the type attribute on
				many other DITA elements. See 
				<xref href="thetypeattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on the usual supported values and processing implications. In addition, the
				following attribute values are allowed (but deprecated) for backward
				compatibility: 
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>external
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>the href is to a Web site. This value is deprecated in
						favor of use of the scope and format attributes.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>internal
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>the href is to a DITA topic. This value is deprecated in
						favor of use of the scope and format attributes.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
<!--<dlentry>
<dt>bibliographic</dt>
<dd>the href is to a specialized bibliographic topic. There is not
currently a standard bibliographic topic type at OASIS.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry>-->
				</dl>
				<p>When either the scope or format attribute has an explicit
				  setting, a type attribute value of external or internal is ignored.
				</p><indexterm id="att-type-lq">type
				  attribute<indexterm>lq</indexterm></indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="type-object"> 
			 <stentry>type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the content type for the data specified by the
				data attribute. This attribute should be set when the data attribute is set to
				avoid loading unsupported content types. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/nonstandard-type"></ph><indexterm
				id="att-type-object">type
				  attribute<indexterm>object</indexterm></indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED (No default type)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="type-param"> 
			 <stentry>type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>This attribute specifies the content type of the resource
				designated by the value attribute only in the case where 
				<varname>valuetype</varname> is set to 
				<q>ref</q>. This attribute specifies for the user agent the type of
				values that will be found at the URI designated by value. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/nonstandard-type"></ph><indexterm>type
				  attribute<indexterm>param</indexterm></indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED (No default type)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="type-topicsetref" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes the target of a reference. For the topicsetref
				element, this value defaults to "topicset". See 
				<xref href="thetypeattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information
				on other supported values and processing implications.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>topicset</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="type-anchorref" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes the target of a reference. For the anchorref
				element, this value defaults to "anchor", because the element is expected to
				point to an anchor element in this or another map.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>anchor</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="type-schemeref" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>type</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes the target of a reference. For the schemeref
				element, this value defaults to "scheme", because the element is expected to
				point to another subject scheme.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>scheme</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="usemap"> 
			 <stentry>usemap</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates that a client-side image map is to be used. An
				image map specifies active geometric regions of an included object and assigns
				a link to each region. When a link is selected, a document may be retrieved or
				a program may run on the server.<indexterm id="att-usemap">usemap
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="valign"> 
			 <stentry>valign</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the vertical alignment of text in a table entry
				(cell). Allowable values are:
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>top
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Align the text to the top of the table entry (cell).
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>bottom
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Align the text to the bottom of the table entry (cell).
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>middle
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Align the text to the middle of the table entry (cell).
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl><indexterm id="att-valign">valign
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(top | bottom | middle |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="value" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>value</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies a value associated with the current property or
				element.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="value-param"> 
			 <stentry>value</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the value of a run-time parameter specified by the
				name attribute.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="value-glossPartOfSpeech"> 
			 <stentry>value</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the part of speech for the term defined within
				this glossentry topic.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="value-glossProperty"> 
			 <stentry>value</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the value of the primary glossary term's
				property.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="value-glossStatus"> 
			 <stentry>value</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the status of an alternate form of a glossary
				term. For example, it may indicate that an alternate form is
				obsolete.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="value-state"> 
			 <stentry>value</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The state of the property identified by the name
				attribute.<indexterm>value attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="value-publishtype" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>value</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes the status of this publication. Beginning with
				DITA 1.2, values in this attribute are not limited to a small number of values;
				the following values were used in DITA 1.0 and DITA 1.1: beta, limited,
				general, and 
				<xref
				href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-​conref-​target</xref>.<indexterm>value
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="value-bookrestriction"> 
			 <stentry>value</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes restrictions on this version of the publication.
				Beginning with DITA 1.2, values in this attribute are not limited to a small
				number of choices; the following values were used in DITA 1.0 and DITA 1.1, and
				are still provided as sample values: confidential, restricted, licensed,
				unclassified, and 
				<xref
				href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-​conref-​target</xref>.<indexterm>value
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>(beta | limited | general |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="valuetype"> 
			 <stentry>valuetype</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the type of the value attribute. Allowed values
				are: 
				<dl>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>data
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A value of data means that the value will be evaluated and
						passed to the object&apos;s implementation as a string. 
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>ref
					 </dt> 
					 <dd rev="1.2">A value of ref indicates that the value of the 
						<i>value</i> attribute is a URL that designates a resource
						where run-time values are stored. This allows support tools to identify URLs
						that are given as parameters.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>object
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>A value of object indicates that the value of valuetype is
						an identifier that refers to an object declaration in the document. The
						identifier must be the value of the ID attribute set for the declared object
						element.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl><indexterm id="att-valuetype">valuetype
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="version"> 
			 <stentry>version</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the released version number of the product(s) that
				the document describes.<indexterm id="att-version">version
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="view" rev="1.2"> 
			 <stentry>view</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Defines the classifications of viewers allowed to view the
				document. Beginning with DITA 1.2, values in this attribute are not limited to
				a small number of choices; the following values were used in DITA 1.0 and DITA
				1.1, and are still provided as sample values:
				<dl> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>internal
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>For internal use only.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>classified
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>For a certain group, only.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>all
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>The world.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>entitled
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Special folks, only.
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				  <dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref"> 
					 <dt>
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry>
				</dl><indexterm id="att-view">view attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(internal | classified | all | entitled |
				-dita-use-​conref-​target)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="width" rev="1.1"> 
			 <stentry>width</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the horizontal dimension for the resulting image
				display. If necessary, the image is scaled to the specified size. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/height-width-units"></ph> If a width
				value is specified and no height value is specified, the height will be scaled
				by the same factor as the width. 
				<ph
				conref="#commonLRdefs/height-width-scale-warning"></ph><indexterm>width
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="width-object" rev="1.1"> 
			 <stentry>width</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Indicates the horizontal dimension for the resulting object
				display. If necessary, the object is scaled to the specified size. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/height-width-units"></ph> If a width
				value is specified and no height value is specified, the height will be scaled
				by the same factor as the width. 
				<ph
				conref="#commonLRdefs/height-width-scale-warning"></ph><indexterm>width
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow>
<!--<strow id="workflow">
<stentry>workflow</stentry>
<stentry>Defines what stage the topic is in, and who currently has control
of the document in terms of its lifecycle (from being authored through being
published). Allowable values are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>author</dt>
<dd>The topic is being authored.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>editor</dt>
<dd>The topic is being edited.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>reviewer</dt>
<dd>The topic is being reviewed.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>publisher</dt>
<dd>The topic is ready for publishing, or has been published (released).</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-workflow">workflow attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(author | editor | reviewer | publisher | -dita-use-&#8203;conref-&#8203;target)</stentry>
<stentry>author</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>-->
		  <strow id="xmllang"> 
			 <stentry>xml:lang</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies the language of the element content. <!--When no xml:lang
value is supplied, the default value of English is assumed. For example,
setting xml:lang="es" (indicating Spanish) on a note element will
cause the label on the note to appear as "Nota" instead of "Note"
as it would in the default case. -->
				The xml:lang attribute and its values are described in the XML
				Recommendation at 
				<xref format="html" scope="external"
				href="http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-xml/#sec-lang-tag">http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-xml/#sec-lang-tag</xref>.
				
<!-- Removed during DITA 1.2 review:
The allowed xml:lang values are based
on RFC 4646
Tags for Identifying Languages (see <xref format="html"
href="http://www.w3.org/International/articles/language-tags/"
scope="external">W3C: Language tags in HTML and XML</xref>).--><indexterm
				id="att-xmllang">xml:lang attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>language token or the null string</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="xmlspace"> 
			 <stentry>xml:space</stentry> 
			 <stentry>This attribute is provided on
				&lt;<keyword>pre</keyword>&gt;, &lt;<keyword>lines</keyword>&gt;, and on
				elements specialized from them. It ensures that parsers in editors and
				transforms respect the white space, including line-end characters, that is part
				of the data in those elements. It is intended to be part of the default
				properties of these elements, and not for authors to change or
				delete.<indexterm id="att-xmlspace">xml:space attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(preserve)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>preserve</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="year"> 
			 <stentry>year</stentry> 
			 <stentry>The year in YYYY format.<indexterm id="att-year">year
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Yes</stentry> 
		  </strow>
<!-- new attributes for DITA 1.1 -->
		  <strow id="xtrc"> 
			 <stentry>xtrc</stentry> 
			 <stentry>&quot;xml-trace-counter&quot;--used in processing
				only.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="xtrf"> 
			 <stentry>xtrc</stentry> 
			 <stentry>&quot;xml-trace-filename&quot;--used in processing
				only.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="base" rev="1.1"> 
			 <stentry>base</stentry> 
			 <stentry><indexterm>base attribute</indexterm><indexterm>Attribute
				  specialization</indexterm><indexterm>Specializable attributes</indexterm>A
				generic attribute that has no specific purpose. It is intended to act as a base
				for specialized attributes that have a simple value syntax like the conditional
				processing attributes (one or more alphanumeric values separated by
				whitespace), but is not itself a filtering or flagging attribute. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/space-plus-generalize"></ph></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="props" rev="1.1"> 
			 <stentry>props</stentry> 
			 <stentry><indexterm>props attribute</indexterm><indexterm>Attribute
				  specialization</indexterm><indexterm>Specializable attributes</indexterm>Root
				attribute from which new metadata attributes can be specialized. 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/propertyvalueattr"></ph> 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/may-inherit"></ph> 
				<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/space-plus-generalize"></ph></stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="pgwide"> 
			 <stentry>pgwide</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Determines the horizontal placement of the element.
				Supported values are 1 and 0, although these are not mandated by the DTD or
				Schema.
				<p>For print-oriented display, the value &quot;1&quot; places the
				  element on the left page margin; &quot;0&quot; aligns the element with the left
				  margin of the current text line and takes indention into account.
				</p>
				<p>For XHTML, the table surrounds the table data. Either value sets
				  the table width to 100%.
				</p><indexterm id="att-pgwide">pgwide
				  attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="datatype"> 
			 <stentry>datatype</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Describes the type of data contained in the value attribute
				or within the data element. A typical use of datatype will be the identifying
				URI for an XML Schema datatype.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="xmlnsditaarch"> 
			 <stentry>xmlns:ditaarch</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Declares the default DITA namespace.</stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry>"http://dita.​oasis-open.​org/​architecture/​2005/"</stentry>
			 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="localization-atts"> 
			 <stentry>localization-atts attribute group (translate, xml:lang,
				dir)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>A set of related attributes, described in 
				<xref href="localization-atts.dita"></xref>. 
			 </stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
			 <stentry></stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="dir"> 
			 <stentry>dir</stentry> 
			 <stentry rev="1.2">Specifies the directionality of text:
				left-to-right (ltr, the processing default) or right-to-left (rtl). The value
				lro indicates an override of normal bidi text presentation, forcing the element
				into left-to-right mode; rlo overrides normal rules to force right-to-left
				presentation. See 
				<xref href="../archSpec/diratt.dita"/> for more information on the
				dir attribute.<indexterm>dir attribute</indexterm></stentry> 
			 <stentry>(ltr | rtl | lro | rlo | 
				<xref
				href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-​conref-​target</xref>)</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="start"> 
			 <stentry>start</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies that an index entry is positioned at the beginning
				of a range. See the description of &lt;indexterm&gt; for more
				information.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		  <strow id="end"> 
			 <stentry>end</stentry> 
			 <stentry>Specifies that an index entry is positioned at the end of a
				range; value matches the start attribute on another indexterm. See the
				description of &lt;indexterm&gt; for more information.</stentry> 
			 <stentry>CDATA</stentry> 
			 <stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry> 
			 <stentry>No</stentry> 
		  </strow> 
		</simpletable> 
	 </section> 
  </refbody> 
</reference> <?Pub *0000118111?>
