<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2008, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN"
 "ditabase.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<dita>
<concept id="reuse_file" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Reuse file</title>
<shortdesc>This file contains elements used by multiple files in the
DITA 1.2 specification.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<lines><!--Short description for <anchor>: Used in anchor.dita and dita_spec_23_mapstruct.dita--><ph
id="anchor_shortdesc">The &lt;<keyword>anchor</keyword>> element provides an integration point that another map can <ph
rev="1.2.3">reference</ph> in order to insert its navigation into the current navigation tree. For those familiar with Eclipse help systems, this serves the same purpose as the &lt;anchor> element in that system. It <term>may not</term><?Pub
Caret?> be supported for all output formats.</ph><!--Short description for <navref>: Used in navref.dita and dita_spec_23_mapstruct.dita--><ph
id="navtitle_shortdesc">The &lt;<keyword>navref</keyword>> element represents a pointer to another map which should be preserved as a transcluding link rather than resolved. Output formats that support such linking will integrate the referenced resource when displaying the referencing map to an end user. </ph></lines>
<!--Content used in <example> element in anchor.dita and dita_23_mapstruct.dita-->
<p id="anchor">In this example, an anchor is defined with an ID of
"a1". <codeblock>&lt;map>
  &lt;title&gt;MyComponent tasks&lt;/title&gt;
  &lt;topicref navtitle="Start here" href="start.dita" toc="yes">
    &lt;navref mapref="othermap2.ditamap"/>
    &lt;navref mapref="othermap3.ditamap"/>
    &lt;anchor id="a1"/>
  &lt;/topicref>
&lt;/map></codeblock></p>
<p id="anchoref">The id on &lt;anchor&gt; can be referenced by the
anchorref attribute on another map's &lt;map&gt; element. For example,
the map to be integrated at that spot would be defined as follows.<codeblock>&lt;map anchorref="a1"&gt;
  &lt;title&gt;This map is pulled into the MyComponent task map&lt;/title&gt;
  ...
&lt;/map&gt;</codeblock></p>
</conbody>
</concept>
</dita>
<?Pub *0000002134?>
