<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="subjectscheme" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Subject scheme maps</title>
<shortdesc>A subject scheme map is used to define sets of controlled
values for use in classifying content.  Sets of controlled values
can be bound to DITA attributes. This allows DITA users to share the
controlled values for an information set without having to modify
a DTD or XML schema. The list of available values can be modified
quickly to adapt to new situations, without the need to manage updates
to a document type. In addition, DITA users can define relationships
between controlled values and extend a set of controlled values maintained
by another team or organization. The list of defined values are not
validated by basic XML parsers. Instead, the defined values should
be validated by DITA processors.</shortdesc><?Pub Caret 573?>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Subject scheme maps</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<section><p>The same core elements in a subject scheme map may be
used both to define controlled values and to define hierarchical taxonomies:<ul>
<li>schemeref</li>
<li>subjectdef</li>
</ul></p><p>The following elements are used to bind taxonomies or
controlled values to an attribute:<ul>
<li>enumerationdef</li>
<li>elementdef</li>
<li>attributedef</li>
<li>defaultSubject</li>
</ul></p><p>The remaining elements in the subject scheme map are used
to make more precise statements about how values in a taxonomy relate
to one another.</p></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001691?>
