<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="theconkeyrefattribute" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The conkeyref attribute</title>
  <shortdesc>The conkeyref attribute provides an indirect content reference to topic elements, map
    elements, or elements within maps or topics. When the DITA content is processed, the key
    references are resolved using key definitions from DITA maps.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
    <section>
      <p>For content references from map elements to map elements or topic elements to topic
        elements, the value of the <keyword>conkeyref</keyword> attribute is a key name, where the
        key must be bound to a map element (for references from map elements) or a topic element
        (for references from topic elements). For all other elements, the value of the <keyword
          >conkeyref</keyword> attribute is a key name, an optional solidus ("/"), and the ID of the
        target element, where the key name must be bound to the map or topic that contains the topic
        element.  </p>
      <p>When the key name specified by the conkeyref attribute is not defined and the element also
        specifies a <keyword>conref</keyword> attribute, the <keyword>conref</keyword> attribute is
        used to determine the content reference relationship. If no <keyword>conref</keyword>
        attribute is specified there is no content reference relationship. Processors <keyword
          >should</keyword> issue a warning when a <keyword>conkeyref</keyword> reference cannot be
        resolved and there is no <keyword>conref</keyword> attribute to use as a fallback.
        Processors <keyword>may</keyword> issue a warning when a <keyword>conkeyref</keyword> cannot
        be resolved to an element and a specified <keyword>conref</keyword> is used as a
        fallback.</p>
      <p>The conrefend attribute, which defines the end of a conref range, may not include a key.
        Instead the map or topic element addressed by the key name component of the <keyword
          >conkeyref</keyword> is used in place of whatever map or topic element is addressed by the
        conrefend attribute. See <xref
          href="theconrefendattribute.dita#theconrefendattribute/conkeyref"/> for more information
        and for <?Pub Caret?>examples of this behavior.</p>
    </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
