<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="thehrefattribute" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The href attribute</title>
<abstract><shortdesc>The href attribute is used by many elements to
provide a reference to another DITA topic or map, to a specific element
inside a DITA topic or map, or to an external Web page or other non-DITA
resource.</shortdesc>The references may be to DITA topics or elements
within DITA topics or maps in the same document or in another document.</abstract>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>href attribute</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>The value of a DITA href attribute must be a valid URI
reference [<xref format="txt" href="http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3986.txt"
scope="external">RFC 3986</xref>]. It is an error if the value is
not a valid URI reference. An implementation may (but need not) give
an error message, and may (but need not) recover from this error condition
by attempting to convert the value to a valid URI reference. Note
that the path separator character in a URI is always the forward slash
(“/”); the backward slash character (“\”) is not permitted unescaped
within URIs.</p><p>In the case of a reference to a DITA resource,
an href value consisting of a URI with no fragment identifier resolves
to the document element in the referenced document. For the purposes
of rendering, such as when a topicref reference to a DITA document
is used to render the content as HTML, this means that all topics
(and topic specializations) in the target document are included in
the reference. For the purpose of linking, the reference resolves
to the first (or only) topic (or topic specialization) in the document. <!--If the reference is from a topicref element or a topicref element
specialization, all topics (and topic specializations) in the document
are referenced. If the reference is not from a topicref element or
a topicref element specialization, the reference resolves to the first
(or only) topic (or topic specialization) in the document.--></p><p>An
href value consisting of a URI with a fragment identifier must have
a valid DITA local identifier as the portion after the hash. A DITA
local identifier consists of topicID/elementID for a subelement of
a topic and of elementID for topics, maps, and map subelements.</p><p>Note
that certain characters (including, but not limited to, #, ?, \, and
space) are not permitted unescaped within URIs. Such characters must
be percent-encoding (per RFC 3986) if there is a need to represent
them within a string that is a URI. Also note that the “&amp;” (ampersand)
and “&lt;” (greater than) characters are not permitted in XML attribute
values, so they must be represented by appropriate character or entity
references if there is a need to represent them within such a string.
(Some tools may do the required encoding on the user&apos;s behalf
while others may require the user to avoid the special characters
or perform the encoding manually.)</p></section>
<example><p>Some examples of common href syntax in DITA
include the following. Note that these examples represent only a few
common scenarios, and are not all inclusive.<ul>
<li>Target the first topic in a DITA document: <codeph>href="file.dita"</codeph></li><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<li>Target a specific topic in a DITA document: <codeph>href="file.dita#topicid"</codeph></li>
<li>Target a non-topic element inside a DITA topic: <codeph>href="#topicid/elementid"</codeph></li>
<li>Target an element in a DITA map: <codeph>href="myMap.ditamap#map-branch"</codeph></li>
<li>Target an image: <codeph>href="exampleImage.jpg"</codeph></li>
<li>Target an external resource: <codeph>href="http://www.example.org"</codeph></li>
</ul></p></example>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003971?>
