<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="thetypeattribute" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The type attribute</title>
<shortdesc>The type attribute is most often used on linking elements
to describe the target of a cross-reference. It is also used on the
note element to describe the type of the current note, and on several
other elements for varying purposes.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>type attribute</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>The descriptions for the type attribute on linking elements
and on note are too long to fit in the usual attribute table, so they
are included in this section; for other elements, such as audience,
copyright, or object, the description can be found with the element.</section>
<section><title>Using type on a linking element</title><p>The type
attribute describes the target of a cross-reference and may generate
cross-reference text based on that description. Only the &lt;xref&gt;
element can link to content below the topic level: other types of
linking can target whole topics, but not parts of topics. Typically &lt;xref&gt;
should also be limited to topic-level targets, unless the output is
primarily print-oriented. Web-based referencing works best at the
level of whole topics, rather than anchor locations within topics.</p><p>If not explicitly specified on an element, the type attribute value
cascades from the closest ancestor element. If there is no explicit
value for the type attribute on any ancestor, a default value of “topic”
is used. During output processing for references to DITA topics (format="dita"),
it is an error if the actual type of a DITA topic and the explicit,
inherited, or default value for the type attribute are not the same
as or a specialization of the type attribute value. In this case,
an implementation may (but need not) give an error message, and may
(but need not) recover from this error condition by using the type
attribute value. During output processing for references to non-DITA
objects (i.e., either scope is not “local” or format is neither “dita”
nor “ditamap”) or other cases where the type of the referenced item
cannot be determined from the item itself, the explicit, inherited,
or default value for the type attribute is used without any validation.
When a referencing element is first added to or updated in a document,
DITA aware editors may, but are not required to, set the type attribute
value based on the actual type of a referenced DITA topic.</p><?Pub
Caret 868?><p>If the type attribute is specified when referencing
DITA content, it should match one of the values in the referenced
element&apos;s class attribute.  <ph>The type value may
be an unqualified local name (e.g. "fig") or a qualified name exactly
as specified in the class attribute (e.g., "mymodule/mytype"). Processors
may ignore qualified names or may consider only the local name.</ph></p><p>For example, if type=&quot;topic&quot;, the link could be
to a generic topic, or any specialization of topic, including concept,
task, and reference. Applications may, but need not, issue a warning
when the specified or inherited type attribute value does not match
the target (or a specialization ancestor of the target).</p><p>Some
possible values for use on the xref element and its specializations
include:</p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>fig</dt>
<dd>Indicates a link to a figure.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>table</dt>
<dd>Indicates a link to a table.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>li</dt>
<dd>Indicates a link to an ordered list item.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>fn</dt>
<dd>Indicates a link to a footnote.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>section</dt>
<dd>Indicates a link to a section.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><p>Other values that may be used on any linking element
include:</p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>concept, task, reference, topic</dt>
<dd>Cross-reference to a topic type.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>(no value)</dt>
<dd>The processor should retrieve the actual type from the target
if available. If the type cannot be determined, the default should
be treated as "topic".</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>-dita-use-conref-target</dt>
<dd>See <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita"></xref> for more information.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><p>Other values can be used to indicate other types
of topics or elements as targets. Processing is only required to support
the above list or specializations of types in that list. Supporting
additional types as targets may require the creation of processing
overrides.</p></section>
<section><title>Using type in a note element</title><p>In
a note element, this defines the type of note. For example, if the
note is a tip, the word <b>Tip</b> may be used to draw the reader&apos;s
attention to it. <ph>The values danger, warning, and notice
have new or additional meanings with DITA 1.2 that are based on ANSI
Z535 and ISO 3864 regulations.</ph></p><p>If type is set to other,
the value of the othertype attribute may be used. If you use othertype,
many processors will require additional information on how to process
the value. Allowable values for the type attribute are:</p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>note</dt>
<dd>This is just a note.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>attention</dt>
<dd>Please pay extra attention to this note.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>caution</dt>
<dd>Care is required when proceeding.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>danger</dt>
<dd>Important! Be aware of this before doing anything else. <ph>When
used with the hazardstatement element, this indicates an imminently
hazardous situation which, if not avoided, <b>will</b> result in death
or serious injury.</ph></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>fastpath</dt>
<dd>This note will speed you on your way.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>important</dt>
<dd>This note is important.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>notice</dt>
<dd> Indicates a potential situation which, if not avoided, may result
in an <b>undesirable result or state</b>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>remember</dt>
<dd>Don&apos;t forget to do what this note says.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>restriction</dt>
<dd>You can&apos;t do what this note says.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>tip</dt>
<dd>This is a fine little tip.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>warning</dt>
<dd>Indicates a potentially hazardous situation. When used with the
hazardstatement element, this indicates a situation which, if not
avoided, <b>could</b> result in death or serious injury.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>other</dt>
<dd>This is something other than a normal note.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000006939?>
