<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2008, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="abbreviated-form" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>abbreviated-form</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>abbreviated-form</keyword>> element represents
a reference to a term that may appear in an abbreviated form (often
an acronym). The long and short forms of the term are generally defined
in a &lt;<keyword>glossentry</keyword>> topic. Processors should display
the referenced term when rendering an &lt;<keyword>abbreviated-form</keyword>>
element.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>abbreviated-form</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog><?Pub Caret?>
<refbody>
<section><title>Rendering &lt;abbreviated-form> references to glossentry</title><p>When
the writer provides a keyref to a glossentry topic that contains a &lt;glossSurfaceForm>
element, a process should emit the surface form in introductory contexts
where the term might be unfamiliar to the reader or in other contexts
where a precise term is appropriate. In other contexts a process should
submit the abbreviated form of the term. Note that the definition
of an introductory context will differ for every deliverable format.</p><p>For
instance, a process composing a book deliverable may emit the surface
form of a term on the first reference to the glossentry topic within
the book or for every reference within a copyright or a warranty-related
warning. A process generating an online page may emit the surface
form as a hover tooltip on every instance of the term.</p><p>Renderers
should follow these rules when displaying an &lt;abbreviated-form>
element that refers to a glossentry topic:<ol>
<li>In an introductory context, processors SHOULD render the surface
form of the term by displaying the contents of the glossSurfaceForm
element from the referenced glossentry topic.</li>
<li>If the glossentry topic does not contain a glossSurfaceForm element
or the glossSurfaceForm element is empty, processors SHOULD render
the contents of the glossterm element in introductory contexts.</li>
<li>In non-introductory contexts, processors SHOULD render the abbreviated
form of the term by displaying the contents of the &lt;glossAcronym>
element from the referenced glossentry topic.</li>
<li>If the glossentry topic does not contain a glossAcronym element
or the glossAcronym element is empty, processors SHOULD render the
contents of the glossterm element in non-introductory contexts.</li>
</ol></p><p>For instance, if the topic with the keyref to the "abs"
key provided the first occurrence of the ABS term within a book, the
sentence could be rendered as follows:  </p><lq>"The Anti-lock Brake
System (ABS) will prevent the car from skidding in adverse weather
conditions."</lq><p>If the ABS term had appeared previously within
the book, the same sentence could instead be rendered as follows:
 </p><lq>"The ABS will prevent the car from skidding in adverse weather
conditions."</lq></section>
<section><title>Rendering &lt;abbreviated-form> references to other
topics</title><p>Typically the &lt;abbreviated-form> is used to refer
to a glossentry topic. In situations where it refers to another topic
type, renderers should display the content of the referenced topic's
title.</p></section>
<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-abbreviated-form/contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="abbreviated-form-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-abbreviated-form/containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained
By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="abbreviated-form-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>+
topic/term abbrev-d/abbreviated-form </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>The term and acronym
may be defined as follows, in a glossentry topic. Note that the id
of the topic does not need to match the term or acronym.</p><codeblock>&lt;glossentry id="abs-definition">
  &lt;glossterm>Anti-lock Braking System&lt;/glossterm>
  &lt;glossBody>
    &lt;glossSurfaceForm>Anti-lock Braking System (ABS)&lt;/glossSurfaceForm>
    &lt;glossAlt>
      &lt;glossAcronym>ABS&lt;/glossAcronym>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
  &lt;/glossBody>
&lt;/glossentry></codeblock><p>Note that there are three important
elements for the purposes of rendering the &lt;abbreviated-form> element.</p><ul>
<li>The glossSurfaceForm element defines the term as it should be
displayed in an introductory context.</li>
<li>The glossAcronym element defines the acronym associated with this
term.</li>
<li>The glossterm element provides a fallback version of the term,
which will be displayed in situations where the preferred representation
is unavailable. </li>
</ul><p>The glossentry topic will be added to a map in the following
manner. Again, the key (in this case "abs") does not need to match
the term or acronym value.</p><codeblock>&lt;glossref keys="abs" href="antilock.dita"/></codeblock><p>An
author that wishes to reference this topic may do so using the abbreviated-form
element. The keyref attribute should reference the value defined on
the keys attribute above.</p><codeblock>&lt;section>An &lt;abbreviated-form keyref="abs"/> helps a
driver to stop. For this reason many find an
&lt;abbreviated-form keyref="abs"/> useful.
&lt;/section></codeblock><p>When rendered, the introductory usage
of "abs" will display the surface form of the referenced term, while
the later uses will display the acronym, as demonstrated here.<lq>An
Anti-lock Braking System (ABS) helps a driver to stop. For this reason
many find an ABS useful.</lq></p></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="term_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow
conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/keyref-abbreviated-form">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000007013?>
