<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="abstract" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>abstract</title>
<shortdesc>The abstract element occurs between the topic title and
the topic body, as the initial content of a topic. It can contain
paragraph-level content as well as one or more shortdesc elements
which can be used for providing link previews or summaries. The &lt;abstract&gt;
element cannot be overridden by maps, but its contained &lt;shortdesc&gt;
elements can be, for the purpose of creating link summaries or previews.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>abstract</indexterm><indexterm>Topic elements<indexterm>abstract</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>Use the &lt;abstract&gt; element when the initial paragraph
of a topic is unsuitable for use as a link preview or for summaries,
because, for example, it contains lists or tables, or because only
a portion of the paragraph is suitable. Note that when the initial
paragraph is suitable as a summary, that content should be placed
in a &lt;shortdesc&gt; element rather than in an &lt;abstract&gt;
element. The &lt;abstract&gt; element allows for a wider range of
content in your initial paragraph, such as lists and tables, and allows
you to identify portions of the &lt;abstract&gt; content as useful
for previews or summaries by embedding the &lt;shortdesc&gt; element
within &lt;abstract&gt;.</p><p>When the contained &lt;shortdesc&gt;
occurs within phrase-level content, it is treated as phrase-level
content and should not create a separate paragraph on output of the
topic. When the contained &lt;shortdesc&gt; occurs as a peer to paragraph-level
content, it is treated as block-level content and should create a
separate paragraph on output of the topic. When multiple &lt;shortdesc&gt;
elements are included in an &lt;abstract&gt;, they are concatenated
in output of link previews or summaries (separated by spaces).</p><p
id="1.2.1">When a &lt;shortdesc> element occurs in a DITA map, it
overrides the short description provided in the topic for the purpose
of generating link previews, but does not replace the &lt;shortdesc>
in the rendered topic itself. This means that generated links to this
topic will use the short description from the map for purposes any
link previews provided with the link, while the rendered topic continues
to use the short description inside the topic. If the &lt;topicref>
element in the DITA map also specifies the copy-to attribute, the
content of the &lt;shortdesc> element in the DITA map also overrides
the short description provided in the topic. In this case, the rendered
topic itself will display the &lt;shortdesc> contents from the map
in place of the &lt;shortdesc> originally specified in the topic. <note>Processors may or may not implement this behavior.</note><?Pub
Caret -2?></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-abstract/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="abstract-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-abstract/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="abstract-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/abstract </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example: abstract with phrase-level short
description</title><codeblock id="example-code">&lt;abstract&gt;The abstract is being used to provide more complex content. 
	&lt;shortdesc&gt;The shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract.&lt;/shortdesc&gt;
The abstract can put text around the shortdesc.
&lt;/abstract&gt;</codeblock><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topic output</dt>
<dd>The abstract is being used to provide more complex content.  	The
shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract. The abstract
can put text around the shortdesc.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Preview/summary output</dt>
<dd>The shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></example>
<example id="example2"><title>Example: abstract with block-level short
description</title><pre xml:space="preserve">&lt;abstract&gt;&lt;p&gt;The abstract is being used to provide more complex content.&lt;/p&gt; 
	&lt;shortdesc&gt;The shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract.&lt;/shortdesc&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The abstract can put text around the shortdesc.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/abstract&gt;</pre><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topic output</dt>
<dd><p>The abstract is being used to provide more complex content.</p><p>The
shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract. </p><p>The abstract
can put text around the shortdesc.</p>  	</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Preview/summary output</dt>
<dd>The shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></example>
<example id="example3"><title>Example: abstract with multiple short
descriptions</title><pre xml:space="preserve">&lt;abstract&gt;The abstract is being used to provide more complex content. 
	&lt;shortdesc&gt;The shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract.&lt;/shortdesc&gt;
	&lt;p&gt;The abstract can put text around the shortdesc.&lt;/p&gt;
	&lt;shortdesc&gt;There can be more than one shortdesc.&lt;/shortdesc&gt;
&lt;/abstract&gt;</pre><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topic output</dt>
<dd><p>The abstract is being used to provide more complex content.
The shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract.</p><p>The
abstract can put text around the shortdesc.</p><p> There can be more
than one shortdesc.</p> 	</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Preview/summary output</dt>
<dd>The shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract. There
can be more than one shortdesc.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="abstract_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000007113?>
