<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="anchorref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>anchorref</title>
<shortdesc><ph>The &lt;<keyword>anchorref</keyword>> element
is used to reference an &lt;anchor> element in a map.</ph> The contents
of an &lt;anchorref> element are rendered both in the original authored
location and at the location of the referenced &lt;anchor> element.
The referenced &lt;<keyword>anchor</keyword>> element may be defined
in the current map or another map. <ph>When possible,
this integration is done when displaying the map with &lt;anchor>
to an end user. </ph></shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>anchorref</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>This function of the &lt;anchorref> element is similar
to that provided by the anchorref attribute of the &lt;map> element.
However, instead of attaching an entire map to an anchor point, this
element allows the author to attach only the contents of a single
map branch. This enables architects to reuse a branch of content without
reusing the entire map.</p><p>If the rendering platform does not support
runtime integration of navigation based on the anchor point, a build
system should treat the &lt;anchorref> element similar to a "conref
push" instruction by pushing the content to the spot that contains
the anchor. Note that many &lt;anchorref> elements may push content
to the same point; the order in which items are pushed is left undefined,
although the order within a single &lt;anchorref> is preserved.</p><p>Metadata
cascading must take place in the original authored context, because
the branch of content defined with the &lt;anchorref> remains independent
from the referenced map. The &lt;anchorref> content does not take
on the cascading metadata at the &lt;anchor> location. For example,
if the map containing the &lt;anchorref> element sets a local copyright,
that copyright cascades to the &lt;anchorref> element and its children;
it is retained after the content is rendered at the target &lt;anchor>
element.</p><p>By default, the content of the &lt;anchorref> element
is rendered at both the anchor target and the original location. To
prevent the content from being rendered at the location of the &lt;anchorref>
element, set toc="no" on the &lt;anchorref> element, and then set
toc="yes" on each of its children so that they will not inherit the
toc="no" setting.</p><?Pub Caret 13?></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-anchorref/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="anchorref-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-anchorref/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="anchorref-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>+
map/topicref mapgroup-d/anchorref </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><fig><title>Initial map
contents</title>
<codeblock>&lt;topicref href="carPrep.dita">
    &lt;topicref href="beforePrep.dita"/>
    &lt;anchor id="prepDetail"/>
    &lt;topicref href="afterPrep.dita"/>
&lt;/topicref>
...
&lt;topicref href="astroTasks.dita">
    &lt;topicref href="astroOverview.dita"/>
    <b>&lt;anchorref href="#prepDetail"></b>
        &lt;topicref href="astroChecklist.dita"/>
        &lt;topicref href="otherPreparation.dita"/>
    <b>&lt;/anchorref></b>
    &lt;topicref href="astroConclusion.dita"/>
&lt;/topicref></codeblock>
</fig><fig><title>Effective result of evaluating the &lt;anchorref>
element</title>
<codeblock>&lt;topicref href="carPrep.dita">
    &lt;topicref href="beforePrep.dita"/>
    &lt;anchor id="prepDetail"/>
    &lt;topicref href="astroChecklist.dita"/>
    &lt;topicref href="otherPreparation.dita"/>
    &lt;topicref href="afterPrep.dita"/>
&lt;/topicref>
...
&lt;topicref href="astroTasks.dita">
    &lt;topicref href="astroOverview.dita"/>
    &lt;topicref href="astroChecklist.dita"/>
    &lt;topicref href="otherPreparation.dita"/>
    &lt;topicref href="astroConclusion.dita"/>
&lt;/topicref></codeblock>
</fig></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="attribute_table" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/navtitle">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/href-anchorref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/keys">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/query">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/copy-to">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/collection-type">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/processing-role">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/type-anchorref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/scope">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/locktitle">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/format-anchorref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/linking">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/toc">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/print">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/search">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/chunk">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/keyref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000008530?>
