<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="bodydiv" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>bodydiv</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>bodydiv</keyword>> element is used to
contain informal blocks of information within the body of a topic.
The bodydiv element is specifically designed to be a grouping element,
without any explicit semantics, other than to organize subsets of
content into logical groups that are not intended or should not be
contained as a topic. As such, it does not contain an explicit title
to avoid enabling the creation of deeply nested content that would
otherwise be written as separate topics. Content that requires a title
should use a section element or a nested topic.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>bodydiv</indexterm><indexterm>Topic elements<indexterm>bodydiv</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>The bodydiv element may nest itself, which means that it
may be used by specializers to create structured information within
a body. Another common use case for the bodydiv element is to group
a sequence of related elements for reuse, so that another topic may
reference the entire set with a single conref attribute.</section><?Pub
Caret 33?>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-bodydiv/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="bodydiv-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-bodydiv/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="bodydiv-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/bodydiv </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><codeblock>&lt;topic id="sample" xml:lang="en">
 &lt;title>Sample for bodydiv&lt;/title>
 &lt;body>
  &lt;bodydiv id="div">
   &lt;p>This set of information is reusable as a group.&lt;/p>
   &lt;p>Lists of three contain three items.&lt;/p>
   &lt;ul>
    &lt;li>This is one item.&lt;/li>
    &lt;li>This is another item.&lt;/li>
    &lt;li>This is the third item.&lt;/li>
   &lt;/ul>
  &lt;/bodydiv>
  &lt;p>This concludes my topic.&lt;/p>
 &lt;/body>
&lt;/topic></codeblock></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="bodydiv_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003577?>
