<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="bookmap" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>bookmap</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;bookmap&gt; element is a map specialization used
to describe the relationships among a set of DITA topics intended
to be configured as a traditional book. Bookmaps consist of references
to topics organized as book content. The topic references therefore
are labeled according to the book components they point to, such as
booktitle, frontmatter, chapter, and appendix.</shortdesc><?Pub Caret 138?>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>bookmap</indexterm><indexterm>Bookmap elements<indexterm>bookmap</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>The containing element for a bookmap is the &lt;bookmap&gt;
element, which can take title, id, conref, and anchorref attributes.
Within the bookmap, use the various book components and subcomponents
to add and organize references to the topics comprising the book.
You can use the bookmap element to set default attribute values for
all topic references in the map. </p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-bookmap/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="bookmap-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-bookmap/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="bookmap-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
map/map bookmap/bookmap </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><codeblock>&lt;bookmap xml:lang="en-us">
  &lt;booktitle>
    &lt;booklibrary>Books about stuff&lt;/booklibrary>
    &lt;mainbooktitle>A book about one thing&lt;/mainbooktitle>
  &lt;/booktitle>
  &lt;bookmeta>
    &lt;bookrights>
      &lt;copyrfirst>&lt;year>1994&lt;/year>&lt;/copyrfirst>
      &lt;copyrlast>&lt;year>2006&lt;/year>&lt;/copyrlast>
      &lt;bookowner>OASIS&lt;/bookowner>
    &lt;/bookrights>
  &lt;/bookmeta>
  &lt;frontmatter>
    &lt;booklists>
      &lt;toc/>
      &lt;figurelist/>
      &lt;tablelist/>
    &lt;/booklists>
    &lt;bookabstract href="MyBookAbstract.dita"/>
    &lt;preface href="preface.dita">&lt;/preface>
  &lt;/frontmatter>
  &lt;chapter href="chapter1.dita">
    &lt;topicref href="subchap1.dita">&lt;/topicref>
  &lt;/chapter>
  &lt;chapter href="chapter2.dita">
    &lt;topicref href="subchap2.dita">&lt;/topicref>
  &lt;/chapter>
  &lt;appendix href="app1.dita">
    &lt;topicref href="insideApp1.dita">&lt;/topicref>
  &lt;/appendix>
  &lt;appendix href="app2.dita">
    &lt;topicref href="insideApp2.dita">&lt;/topicref>
  &lt;/appendix>
  &lt;backmatter>
    &lt;amendments href="updatesToTheBook.dita"/>
    &lt;booklists>
      &lt;trademarklist href="listoftrademarks.dita"/>
      &lt;indexlist/>
    &lt;/booklists>
  &lt;/backmatter>
&lt;/bookmap></codeblock></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="bookmap_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/id">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/conref-map">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/anchorref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/xmlnsditaarch">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/DITAArchVersion">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/domains">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/select-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow
conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/localization-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005716?>
