<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="bookmeta" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>bookmeta</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;bookmeta&gt; element contains information about
the book that is not considered book content, such as copyright information,
author information, and any classifications. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Bookmap elements<indexterm>bookmeta</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>bookmeta</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-bookmeta/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="bookmeta-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-bookmeta/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="bookmeta-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
map/topicmeta bookmap/bookmeta </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>In this example:<ul>
<li>The &lt;authorinformation&gt; contains the content for a reader's
comment form; the &lt;maintainer&gt; element references that author
information to create the reader comment form.</li>
<li>The &lt;prodinfo&gt; element contains the book's product information.
This includes the product name, and the version, release, and modification
information.</li>
<li>The &lt;bookid&gt; element contains the book's form number and
part number information. The &lt;maintainer&gt; element contains information
about the current maintainer of the book; it may reference the &lt;authorinformation&gt;
element to provide detailed information about an author that is also
the current maintainer.</li><?Pub Caret 24?>
<li>The &lt;bookrights&gt; element contains the book's copyright information.</li>
</ul></p><p>This example makes heavy use of authorinformation,
which is a domain element that OASIS delivers only with the bookmap
specialization. However, other bookmap DTDs or schemas may not include
the domain with authorinformation; likewise, authorinformation may
be included in other document types.</p><codeblock>&lt;bookmeta&gt;
  &lt;authorinformation id="rcf"&gt;
    &lt;organizationinfo&gt;
      &lt;namedetails&gt;
        &lt;organizationnamedetails>
          &lt;organizationname&gt;IBM&lt;/organizationname&gt;
        &lt;/organizationnamedetails&gt;
      &lt;/namedetails&gt;
      &lt;addressdetails&gt;ATTN: Dept XYZ&lt;thoroughfare&gt;3905 37th Street NW&lt;/thoroughfare&gt;
        &lt;locality&gt;Rochester, MN&lt;postalcode&gt;55901&lt;/postalcode&gt;&lt;/locality&gt;
        &lt;country&gt;USA&lt;/country&gt;
      &lt;/addressdetails&gt;
      &lt;contactnumbers&gt;
        &lt;contactnumber type="telephone"&gt;800-555-1212&lt;/contactnumber&gt;
        &lt;contactnumber type="fax"&gt;800-555-1213&lt;/contactnumber&gt;
      &lt;/contactnumbers&gt;
      &lt;emailaddresses&gt;&lt;emailaddress&gt;fred@example.com&lt;/emailaddress&gt;&lt;/emailaddresses&gt;
      &lt;urls&gt;&lt;url&gt;http://www.example.com/fred&lt;/url&gt;&lt;/urls&gt;
   &lt;/organizationinfo&gt;
  &lt;/authorinformation&gt;
  &lt;prodinfo&gt;
    &lt;prodname&gt;My Product&lt;/prodname&gt;
    &lt;vrmlist&gt;&lt;vrm release="Release 1" version="Version 3"/&gt;&lt;/vrmlist&gt;
  &lt;/prodinfo&gt;
  &lt;bookid&gt;
    &lt;bookpartno&gt;99F9999&lt;/bookpartno&gt;
    &lt;booknumber&gt;SC00-0000-00&lt;/booknumber&gt;
    &lt;maintainer href="#rcf"&gt;&lt;/maintainer&gt;
  &lt;/bookid&gt;
  &lt;bookrights&gt;
    &lt;copyrfirst&gt;&lt;year&gt;1996&lt;/year&gt;&lt;/copyrfirst&gt;
    &lt;copyrlast&gt;&lt;year&gt;2006&lt;/year&gt;&lt;/copyrlast&gt;
    &lt;bookowner&gt;&lt;organization&gt;OASIS&lt;/organization&gt;&lt;/bookowner&gt;
  &lt;/bookrights&gt;
&lt;/bookmeta&gt;</codeblock></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="bookmeta_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/lockmeta">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classonly">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005369?>
