<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="component" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>component</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>component</keyword>&gt; element
describes the component of the product that this topic is concerned
with. For example, a product might be made up of many components,
each of which is installable separately. Components might also be
shared by several products so that the same component is available
for installation with many products. An implementation may (but need
not) use this identification to check cross-component dependencies
when some components are installed, but not others. An implementation
may also (but need not) use the identification to <?Pub Caret?>make
sure that topics are hidden, removed, or flagged in some way when
the component they describe isn't installed.<!--Such process-control
logic is not currently supported in DITA processing.--></shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>component</indexterm><indexterm>Prolog elements<indexterm>component</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-component/contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="component-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-component/containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained
By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="component-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/component </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><pre xml:space="preserve">&lt;prodinfo&gt;
 &lt;prodname&gt;BatCom&lt;/prodname&gt;
 &lt;vrmlist&gt;
  &lt;vrm version="v5r2"/&gt;
 &lt;/vrmlist&gt;
 <b>&lt;component&gt;</b>TCP/IP<b>&lt;/component&gt;</b>
&lt;/prodinfo&gt;
</pre></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="component_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classonly">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
