<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="conbodydiv" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>conbodydiv</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>conbodydiv</keyword>> element is similar
to the &lt;bodydiv> element in that it provides an informal container
for content that may be grouped within a concept. There are no additional
semantics attached to the conbodydiv element; it is purely a grouping
element provided to help organize content. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>conbodydiv</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>The parent &lt;conbody> element has a restriction that sections
or examples can only be followed by other sections or examples. The &lt;conbodydiv>
element, which allows groupings of sections and examples, keeps the
same restriction in place; once used, only sections, examples, or
other &lt;conbodydiv> groups are allowed.</section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-conbodydiv/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="conbodydiv-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-conbodydiv/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="conbodydiv-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/bodydiv concept/conbodydiv </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>One common use case
for the &lt;conbodydiv> element is to group a sequence of sections
for reuse, so that another concept may reference the entire set with
a single conref attribute.</p><codeblock>&lt;concept id="sample" xml:lang="en">
 &lt;title>Conbodydiv example&lt;/title>
 &lt;shortdesc>This concept is a sample of how to
use conbodydiv.&lt;/shortdesc>
 &lt;conbody>
  &lt;p>Introduce the example.&lt;/p>
  &lt;p>Next group some sections that may be reused elsewhere.&lt;/p>
  &lt;conbodydiv id="my_conbodydiv">
   &lt;section>&lt;title>First&lt;/title> ... &lt;/section>
   &lt;section>&lt;title>Second&lt;/title> ... &lt;/section>
  &lt;/conbodydiv>
 &lt;/conbody>
&lt;/concept></codeblock></example><?Pub Caret -2?>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="conbodydiv_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003518?>
