<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="desc" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>desc</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>desc</keyword>&gt; element contains the
description of the current element. In elements that also allow a
title, such as table and fig, this is used to provide more information
than is appropriate for the title. In the xref and link elements it
contains a description of the target; processors may (but need not)
choose to display this as hover help for a link. In the object element,
desc provides alternate content to use when the context <?Pub Caret?>does
not permit displaying the object.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>desc (description)</indexterm><indexterm>description
(desc)</indexterm><indexterm>Body elements<indexterm>desc</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-desc/contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref keyref="desc-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-desc/containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained
By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="desc-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/desc </p></section>
<example id="example">       <title>Example</title>       <codeblock
xml:space="preserve">&lt;fig&gt;&lt;title&gt;The Handshake&lt;/title&gt;
<b>&lt;desc&gt;</b>This image shows two hands clasped in a formal, 
business-like handshake.<b>&lt;/desc&gt;</b>
&lt;image href="handshake.jpg"&gt;
 &lt;alt&gt;The handshake&lt;/alt&gt;
&lt;/image&gt;
&lt;/fig&gt;</codeblock>     </example>
<section id="attributes">       <title>Attributes</title>       <simpletable
id="desc_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable>     </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
