<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="ditaval-revprop" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>revprop</title>
<shortdesc>Identifies a value in the rev attribute that should be
flagged in some manner. Unlike the other conditional processing attributes,
which may be used for both filtering and flagging, the rev attribute
may only be used for flagging. <!--There may be at most one occurrence of a &lt;revprop> element for
each attribute value specification (to avoid conflicting actions for
the same attribute value).--></shortdesc><?Pub Caret -1?>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>DITAVAL elements<indexterm>revprop</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>It is an error to include more than one &lt;revprop>
element with the same @val attribute setting. Recovery from this error
is implementation dependent; in such cases processors may, but need
not, provide an error or warning message.</section>
<section><ph id="default-text">When no alternate text is specified
for a revision flag, the default alternate text for revprop start
of change is a localized translation of "Start of change", and the
default alternate text for revprop end of change is a localized translation
of "End of change". </ph></section>
<section>The rev attribute identifies when a particular
section of a document was added in the lifetime of that document.
The attribute is not considered a filtering attribute because this
is not sufficient to be used for full version control, such as single-sourcing
multiple product variants based on version level – it only represents
one aspect of the revision level. </section>
<section otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p><xref
href="ditaval-startflag.dita">startflag</xref> (<i>optional</i>) then <xref
href="ditaval-endflag.dita">endflag</xref> (<i>optional</i>)</p></section>
<section otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained by</title><p><xref
href="ditaval-val.dita">val</xref></p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>See the example
in the <xref href="ditaval-val.dita">&lt;val></xref> description.</p></example>
<section id="attrs"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="abstract_attr" relcolwidth="1* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry>val</stentry>
<stentry>The value to be acted upon. If the val attribute is absent,
then the revprop element declares a default behavior for any value
in the rev attribute.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>no</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry>action</stentry>
<stentry>The action to be taken. The options are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>include</userinput></dt>
<dd>Include the content in output without flags. This is the default
behavior unless otherwise set.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>passthrough</userinput></dt>
<dd>Include the content in output, and preserve the attribute value
as part of the output stream for further processing by a runtime engine,
for example runtime filtering based on individual user settings. The
value should be preserved in whatever syntax is required by the target
runtime. Values that are not explicitly passed through should be removed
from the output stream, even though the content is still included.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>flag</userinput></dt>
<dd>Include and flag the content on output (if the content has not
been excluded).</dd>
</dlentry></dl></stentry>
<stentry>(include | passthrough | flag)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry>changebar</stentry>
<stentry>When flag has been set, specify a changebar color, style,
or character, according to the changebar support of the target output
format. If flag has not been set, this attribute is ignored.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>no</stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="ditaval-prop.dita#ditaval-prop/color">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="ditaval-prop.dita#ditaval-prop/backcolor">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="ditaval-prop.dita#ditaval-prop/style">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004777?>
