<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="dl" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>dl</title>
<shortdesc>A definition list (&lt;<keyword>dl</keyword>&gt;) is a
list of terms and corresponding definitions. The term (&lt;<keyword>dt</keyword>&gt;)
is usually flush left. The description or definition (&lt;<keyword>dd</keyword>&gt;)
is usually either indented and on the next line, or on the same line
to the right of the term. <ph>However, actual rendering
is up to the rendering engine.</ph></shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>dl (definition list)</indexterm><indexterm>definition
list (dl)</indexterm><indexterm>Body elements</indexterm><indexterm>List
elements<indexterm>definition list</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>       <p>You can also provide an optional heading for the
terms and definitions, using the &lt;<keyword>dlhead</keyword>&gt;
element, which contains header elements for those columns. The default
formatting for the &lt;<keyword>dlhead</keyword>&gt; generally looks
like a table with a heading row, but this is also up to the rendering
engine.</p>     </section>
<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-dl/contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref keyref="dl-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-dl/containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained
By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="dl-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/dl </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Examples</title><fig id="simpleexample">
<title>Simple definition list example</title>
<codeblock>&lt;dl>
&lt;dlentry>
&lt;dt>Bytes returned&lt;/dt>
&lt;dd>The number of bytes of data returned.&lt;/dd>
&lt;/dlentry>
&lt;dlentry>
&lt;dt>Bytes available&lt;/dt>
&lt;dd>The number of bytes of data available to be returned.&lt;/dd>
&lt;/dlentry>
&lt;dlentry>&lt;dt>Handle&lt;/dt>
&lt;dd>The returned handle value&lt;/dd>
&lt;/dlentry>
&lt;/dl></codeblock>
</fig><fig id="complexexample"><title>Definition list with a heading</title>
<codeblock>&lt;dl>
 &lt;dlhead>
  &lt;dthd>Image File View Selection&lt;/dthd>
  &lt;ddhd>Resulting Information&lt;/ddhd>
 &lt;/dlhead>
 &lt;dlentry>
  &lt;dt>File Type&lt;/dt>
  &lt;dd>Image's file extension&lt;/dd>
 &lt;/dlentry>
 &lt;dlentry>
  &lt;dt>Image Class&lt;/dt>
  &lt;dd>Image is raster, vector, metafile or 3D&lt;/dd>
 &lt;/dlentry>
 &lt;dlentry>
  &lt;dt>Number of pages&lt;/dt>
  &lt;dd>Number of pages in the image&lt;/dd>
 &lt;/dlentry>
 &lt;dlentry>
  &lt;dt>Fonts&lt;/dt>
  &lt;dd>Names of the fonts contained within a vector image&lt;/dd>
 &lt;/dlentry>
&lt;/dl></codeblock>
</fig><p>Rendering of definition lists will vary by application and
by display format. The second example may, but need not, be rendered
as follows.</p><dl>
<dlhead>
<dthd>Image File View Selection</dthd><ddhd>Resulting Information</ddhd>
</dlhead>
<dlentry>
<dt>File Type</dt>
<dd>Image's file extension</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Image Class</dt>
<dd>Image is raster, vector, metafile or 3D</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Number of pages</dt>
<dd>Number of pages in the image</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Fonts</dt>
<dd>Names of the fonts contained within a vector image</dd>
</dlentry></dl></example>
<section id="attributes">       <title>Attributes</title><?Pub Caret?><simpletable
id="dl_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/compact">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/spectitle">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable>     </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
