<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="enumerationdef" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>enumerationdef</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>enumerationdef</keyword>> element identifies
one attribute and one or more categories that contain the controlled
values for the enumeration. The type attribute has a default value
of keys. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>enumerationdef</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>When the &lt;enumerationdef> element contains an &lt;elementdef>
element, the defined enumeration applies to that attribute only on
the element specified by &lt;elementdef>. The enumeration does not
apply to the same attribute on other elements. For example, when the
element contains both <codeph>&lt;elementdef name="lomDifficulty"/></codeph> and <codeph>&lt;attributedef
name="value"/></codeph>, this means that the only the value attribute
on the &lt;lomDifficulty> element is limited to the specified enumeration.
The value attribute on other elements is not affected.</p><p>When
the &lt;enumerationdef> element does not contain an &lt;elementdef>
element, the attribute specified is limited to the enumeration on
all elements. For example, when &lt;enumerationdef> contains <codeph>&lt;attributedef
name="value"/></codeph> but does not contain &lt;elementdef>, the
value attribute is limited to the specified enumeration for all elements.</p><note>An
enumeration can specify an empty category without children. In this
case, no value is valid for the attribute.</note><note>Whether an
attribute takes a single value or multiple values from the enumeration
is part of the structural definition of the element controlled by
the DTD or XML Schema. That is, an attribute which is defined as CDATA
may take multiple values, while an attribute defined as NMTOKEN may
take only one.</note></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-enumerationdef/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="enumerationdef-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-enumerationdef/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref
keyref="enumerationdef-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
map/topicref subjectScheme/enumerationdef </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><?Pub Caret 6?><p
id="enumeration-xpl">In this example, enumerations are specified for
the platform and otherprops attributes. Note that the enumeration
identifies a category of values; the values within the category are
valid, while the category itself is not a valid value. For example,
in the code sample here, the platform attribute is associated with
the enumeration for the category "os"; all values within the "os"
category are thus valid on the platform attribute, while the value
"os" itself is not.</p><codeblock
conref="subjectScheme.dita#subjectScheme/codesample"></codeblock></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="attribute_table" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/id-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/status">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/base">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004731?>
