<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="exportanchors" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>exportanchors</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>exportanchors</keyword>> element is used
to delay conref resolution within DITA documents. This allows you
to process or display DITA content in a way that will resolve only
some of the conref values in that content, while remaining values
are left for later resolution. The element contains a list of IDs
or keys that should not be resolved during the initial preparation
of the content for display; those IDs and keys will be preserved after
that preparation, as will the conref relationship itself.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>exportanchors</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>The exportanchors element may be used within a topic prolog,
in which case the defined IDs apply to IDs within that topic (excluding
sub-topics). Alternatively it may be defined in the topicmeta in a
map. In the second case the IDs apply to the single topic referenced
by the current topicref element. If the topicref points to a file
without referencing a specific topic, it is treated as a reference
to the first or root topic. In order to define anchor ids for a topic
that is not the first or root topic, a topicref must directly reference
the desired sub-topic.</p><?Pub Caret?><note>When an element&apos;s
ID is defined for delayed resolution, it must contain only the element
ID, not the usual "topicid/elementid" syntax that is required for
most other DITA references. The <xref href="anchorid.dita">&lt;anchorid></xref> topic
explains the format in detail.</note><p>One possible way to use this
is with a system that renders DITA dynamically. A user may process
information locally in a way that resolves conref for all static information,
while delaying resolution for information that is subject to change.
The exportanchors element is used to define conref values that are
delayed.</p><p>Another potential use is when DITA is used as the source
format for a publishing system that is able to render information
dynamically. In this case some conref values may be resolved, while
leaving pre-selected values to be resolved live in that publishing
system.</p><p id="disclaimer">Many publishing systems for which DITA
is used as a source format do not have a way to dynamically resolve
content references; those systems will not see any benefit from this
element. When DITA is used for those systems, behaviors related to
this element should be ignored.</p></section>
<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-exportanchors/contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="exportanchors-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-exportanchors/containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained
By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="exportanchors-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>+
topic/keywords delay-d/exportanchors </p></section>
<!--Pull in examples for both anchorid and anchorkey-->
<example conref="anchorid.dita#anchorid/example" id="example"></example>
<example conref="anchorkey.dita#anchorkey/example"></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="keywords_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classonly">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
