<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="fn" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>fn</title>
<shortdesc>Use footnote (&lt;<keyword>fn</keyword>&gt;) to annotate
text with notes that are inappropriate for inline inclusion or to
indicate the source for facts or other material used in the text. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>fn (footnote)</indexterm><indexterm>footnote
(fn)</indexterm><indexterm>Miscellaneous elements<indexterm>fn</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>Footnote content is skipped at the place where it was entered
and rendered elsewhere, according to these rules: <ul>
<li>A footnote with no given <i><keyword>id</keyword></i> attribute
is a <b>single-use</b> footnote. Upon output, it generates a number
as a superscript <q>callout</q> that is linked to the placement of
the footnote, such as at the bottom of the immediate printed page
or at the end of an online article. If a character is specified in
the <i><keyword>callout</keyword></i> attribute for the footnote,
that character should be used as the superscript <q>callout</q> that
is linked to the placement of the footnote.</li>
<li>A footnote entered with an <i><keyword>id</keyword></i> attribute
is a <b>use-by-reference</b> footnote. Upon output, it does not appear
anywhere unless it has been referenced using an &lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>&gt;
with the <i><keyword>type</keyword></i> attribute set to <q>fn</q>. </li>
<li>Ordinarily, a footnote in one topic can't be referenced in another
topic. The previous behaviors are local to each topic. But by using
the <keyword>conref</keyword> mechanism, you can create a new copy
of another topic's footnote within the local topic where it will then
follow these behaviors:<ul>
<li>If you use <codeph>&lt;fn conref="file.dita#topic/thatid"&gt;&lt;/fn&gt;</codeph> all
by itself, the result will be the same as the single-use footnote
entered literally in the same location. That is, it creates a local
copy of the footnote with no local id attribute, so it uses the behavior
from the first bullet above.</li>
<li>If you use <codeph>&lt;fn conref="file.dita#topic/thatid" id="thisid"&gt;&lt;/fn&gt;</codeph>,
followed by <codeph>&lt;xref href="#thistopic/thisid" type="fn"/&gt;</codeph>,
the result will be the same as the use-by-reference model described
in the second bullet. That is, the &lt;fn> element creates a local
copy of the footnote with an id of "thisid"; that local copy is then
referenced by the &lt;xref> element.</li>
</ul><?Pub Caret -2?></li>
</ul><note>The details of footnote processing and styling are implementation
and/or stylesheet dependent. For example, a tool that renders DITA
as PDF may lack support for the <i>callout</i> attribute, or footnotes
may be collected as endnotes for certain types of publications.</note></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-fn/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref keyref="fn-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-fn/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="fn-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/fn </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>The first
example is of a <b>single-use</b> footnote. It uses a simple fn element,
with no ID and no callout attribute. In that case, markup such as
the following:<codeblock xml:space="preserve">The memory storage capacity of the computer is 
2 GB&lt;fn&gt;A GB (gigabyte) is equal to 
1000 million bytes&lt;/fn&gt; with error correcting support.</codeblock>may
produce output similar to the following:<lq><p>The memory storage
capacity of the computer is 2 GB<sup>1</sup> with error correcting
support.</p><p><codeph>......</codeph></p><p><sup>1</sup> A GB (gigabyte)
is equal to  1000 million bytes</p><p>----- [bottom of page] -----------------------------------------------------------------</p></lq></p><p>The
second example is a <b>single-use</b> footnote that uses a callout
attribute. It is marked up as follows:<codeblock xml:space="preserve">The memory storage capacity of the computer is 
2 GB&lt;fn callout="#"&gt;A GB (gigabyte) is equal to 
1000 million bytes&lt;/fn&gt; with error correcting support.</codeblock>That
DITA markup may produce output similar to the following:<lq><p>The
memory storage capacity of the computer is 2 GB<sup>#</sup> with error
correcting support.</p><p><codeph>......</codeph></p><p><sup>#</sup> A
GB (gigabyte) is equal to  1000 million bytes</p><p>----- [bottom
of page] -----------------------------------------------------------------</p></lq></p><p>The
third example is a <b>use-by-reference</b> footnote. It uses an ID
on a footnote, and then references that ID multiple times. The DITA
markup looks like this:<codeblock xml:space="preserve">I like pets. &lt;fn id="reuse-fn"&gt;This is the name of an animal.&lt;/fn&gt;
At my house, I have a dog&lt;xref href="#topic/reuse-fn" type="fn"/&gt;, a
cat&lt;xref href="#topic/reuse-fn" type="fn"/&gt;, and a 
llama&lt;xref href="#topic/reuse-fn" type="fn"/&gt;.</codeblock>and
may produce output similar to the following:<lq><p>I like pets. At
my house, I have a dog<sup>1</sup>, a cat<sup>1</sup>, and a llama<sup>1</sup>.</p><p><codeph>......</codeph></p><p><sup>1</sup>This
is the name of an animal.</p><p>----- [bottom of page] -----------------------------------------------------------------</p></lq></p></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="fn_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/callout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000007068?>
