<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="foreign" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>foreign</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;foreign> element allows the introduction of non-DITA
content, for example, MathML, SVG, or Rich Text Format (RTF). The &lt;foreign>
element or a specialization may contain more than one type of non-DITA
content or a mix of DITA and non-DITA content. Specialization of the &lt;foreign>
element generally is implemented as a domain, but architects looking
for more control over the content may implement foreign vocabularies
as structural specializations.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Specialization elements<indexterm>foreign</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>foreign</indexterm><indexterm>Including foreign vocabularies</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>       <p>Processors should attempt to display &lt;foreign>
content unless otherwise instructed. If the processor cannot render
the content, it <keyword>may</keyword> emit a warning.</p><p>The enabler
of the foreign vocabulary must provide the processing and override
the base processing for &lt;foreign&gt;. </p><ul>
<li>If &lt;foreign&gt; contains more than one alternative content
element, they should all be processed. In the case of &lt;desc&gt;
they should be concatenated in a similar way to &lt;section&gt;, but
with no title (analogous to &lt;div&gt; in HTML). </li><?Pub Caret -2?>
<li>If alternate content is desired, specialize the &lt;desc&gt; element
to contain it. This specialization of &lt;desc&gt; should be used
within the element specialized from &lt;foreign&gt;. Such alternate
content must of course be valid wherever the &lt;foreign&gt; specialization
is valid.</li>
<li> If no &lt;desc&gt;, &lt;object&gt;, or &lt;image&gt; element
is found within an instance of the &lt;foreign&gt; element, the base
processing mayemit a warning about the absence of processable content.</li>
<li>The base processing for &lt;object&gt; may emit the content of &lt;foreign&gt;
as a file at the location specified by the data attribute of the &lt;object&gt;
element. The &lt;object&gt; element should have a data attribute or
a &lt;foreign&gt; sub-element but not both. In the event that an &lt;object&gt;
element contains both a data attribute and an &lt;foreign&gt; sub-element
the processing system should ignore one of them.</li>
</ul>     </section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-foreign/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains">       <title>Contains</title> 
     <p>The content model of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="foreign-contains"></xref></p>     </section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-foreign/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby">       <title>Contained
By</title>       <p>The parents of this element may differ based on
where it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="foreign-contained-by"></xref></p>     </section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance">       <title>Inheritance</title> 
     <p>- topic/foreign </p>     </section>
<example id="example">       <title><b>SVG Example within a &lt;p&gt;
element</b></title><codeblock>&lt;p&gt;... as in the formula 
  &lt;svg&gt;
    &lt;svg:svg width="100%" height="100%" version="1.1"
xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"&gt;

&lt;ellipse cx="300" cy="150" rx="200" ry="80"
style="fill:rgb(200,100,50);
stroke:rgb(0,0,100);stroke-width:2"/&gt;

    &lt;/svg:svg&gt;    
  &lt;/svg&gt;.
&lt;/p&gt; </codeblock>     </example>
<example>       <title>MathML Example within an &lt;object&gt; element</title><codeblock>&lt;p&gt;... as in the formula 
&lt;object&gt;
  &lt;desc&gt;4 + x&lt;/desc&gt;
  &lt;mathML&gt;
    &lt;mml:math display="block"&gt;
      &lt;mml:mrow&gt;
        &lt;mml:mo&gt;&amp;sum;&lt;/mml:mo&gt;
        &lt;mml:mn&gt;4&lt;/mml:mn&gt;
        &lt;mml:mo&gt;+&lt;/mml:mo&gt;
        &lt;mml:mi&gt;x&lt;/mml:mi&gt;
      &lt;/mml:mrow&gt;
    &lt;/mml:math&gt;    
  &lt;/mathML&gt;
 &lt;object&gt;.
&lt;/p&gt; </codeblock>     </example>
<section id="attributes">       <title>Attributes</title>       <simpletable
id="foreign_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable>     </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005259?>
