<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="glossScopeNote" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>glossScopeNote</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;glossScopeNote> element contains a clarification
of the subject designated by the &lt;<keyword>glossterm</keyword>>,
such as examples of included or excluded companies or products. For
instance, a scope note for "Linux" might explain that the term doesn't
apply to UNIX products and may give some examples of Linux products
that are included as well as UNIX products that are excluded. </shortdesc><?Pub
Caret -1?>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>glossScopeNote</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-glossScopeNote/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="glossScopeNote-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-glossScopeNote/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref
keyref="glossScopeNote-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/note concept/note glossentry/glossScopeNote </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><codeblock>&lt;glossentry id="linuxOS" xml:lang="en-us">
  &lt;glossterm>Linux Operating System&lt;/glossterm>
  &lt;glossdef>An operating system based on the kernel created by Linus Torvald.&lt;/glossdef>
  &lt;glossBody>
    &lt;glossPartOfSpeech value="noun"/>
    &lt;glossScopeNote>Doesn't apply to UNIX products that bundle other
kernels. Also, doesn't apply to the Linux Open Source Project that
work on Linux distributions but, instead, only to the distributions
themselves.  Examples include RedHat, SuSE, and Ubuntu. &lt;/glossScopeNote>
  &lt;/glossBody>
&lt;/glossentry></codeblock></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="note_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/type-note">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/othertype-note">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003546?>
