<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="glossSurfaceForm" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>glossSurfaceForm</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;glossSurfaceForm> element specifies an unambiguous
presentation of the &lt;glossterm> that may combine multiple forms.
The surface form is suitable to introduce the term in new contexts.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>glossSurfaceForm</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>The &lt;glossSurfaceForm> element is most often used for
terms that also specify the &lt;glossAcronym> element. In that case
it contains the term in a manner that introduces both the term and
the acronym, so that later references to the term may be replaced
with the acronym alone. See the <xref href="abbreviated-form.dita">&lt;abbreviated-form></xref> element
for a full description of how the surface form is used together with
acronyms.</p></section><?Pub Caret?>
<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-glossSurfaceForm/contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="glossSurfaceForm-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-glossSurfaceForm/containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained
By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="glossSurfaceForm-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/p concept/p glossentry/glossSurfaceForm </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><codeblock>&lt;glossentry id="abs">
  &lt;glossterm>Anti-lock Braking System&lt;/glossterm>
  &lt;glossBody>
    <b>&lt;glossSurfaceForm>Anti-lock Braking System (ABS)&lt;/glossSurfaceForm></b>
    &lt;glossAlt>
      &lt;glossAcronym>ABS&lt;/glossAcronym>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
  &lt;/glossBody>
&lt;/glossentry></codeblock><p>This glossentry topic defines "Anti-lock
Braking System (ABS)" provides an unambiguous way to render the primary
term "Anti-lock Braking System". The <xref href="abbreviated-form.dita">&lt;abbreviated-form></xref> explains
how the &lt;glossSurfaceForm> element affects references to this topic.</p></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="p_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
