<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="glossentry" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>glossentry</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>glossentry</keyword>&gt; element defines
a single sense of a glossary term. Glossary entries for different
term senses can be reused independently of one another. <ph>DITA
1.2 adds several elements to the glossentry topic type, allowing it
to specify additional information about a term (beyond just the definition).</ph></shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>glossentry</indexterm><indexterm>Glossentry elements<indexterm>glossentry</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>The recommended (but not required) book processing is to
sort and group glossary entries based on the localized term so a back-of-the-book
glossary can contain a collated list of terms with the definitions
of the individual senses of each term indented under the term. The
glossary can have a different organization in different languages
depending on the translation of the terms. One possible implementation
of a glossary in online processing is to associate a hotspot for mentions
of terms in &lt;term> elements and display the definition on hover
or click.</section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-glossentry/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="glossentry-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-glossentry/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="glossentry-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/topic concept/concept glossentry/glossentry </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><fig><title>The
glossary term "USB flash drive" with additional information</title>
<codeblock>&lt;glossentry id="usbfd">
  &lt;glossterm>USB flash drive&lt;/glossterm>
  &lt;glossdef>A small portable drive.&lt;/glossdef>
  &lt;glossBody>
    &lt;glossPartOfSpeech value="noun"/>
    &lt;glossUsage>Do not provide in upper case (as in "USB Flash
Drive") because that suggests a trademark.&lt;/glossUsage>
    &lt;glossAlt>
      &lt;glossAcronym>UFD&lt;/glossAcronym>
      &lt;glossUsage>Explain the acronym on first occurrence.&lt;/glossUsage>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
    &lt;glossAlt id="memoryStick">
      &lt;glossSynonym>memory stick&lt;/glossSynonym>
      &lt;glossUsage>This is a colloquial term.&lt;/glossUsage>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
    &lt;glossAlt>
      &lt;glossAbbreviation>stick&lt;/glossAbbreviation>
      &lt;glossStatus value="prohibited"/>
      &lt;glossUsage>This is too colloquial.&lt;/glossUsage>
      &lt;glossAlternateFor href="#usbfd/memoryStick"/>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
    &lt;glossAlt>
      &lt;glossAbbreviation>flash&lt;/glossAbbreviation>
      &lt;glossStatus value="prohibited"/>
      &lt;glossUsage>This short form is ambiguous.&lt;/glossUsage>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
  &lt;/glossBody>
&lt;/glossentry></codeblock><?Pub Caret 362?>
</fig></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="glossentry_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/id-topic">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/conref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/xmlnsditaarch">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/DITAArchVersion">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/domains">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/select-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow
conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/localization-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005511?>
