<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="glossAcronym" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>glossAcronym</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;glossAcronym> element defines an acronym as an
alternate form for the term defined in the &lt;glossterm> element. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>glossAcronym</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>This element may be used together with the &lt;abbreviated-form>
element to display an expanded version of an acronym the first time
that acronym appears in a set of text. See <xref
href="abbreviated-form.dita">&lt;abbreviated-form></xref> for <?Pub
Caret?>information on how the two elements interact.</p><note>Several
issues arise when acronyms are translated into other languages. For
example, an acronym in one language may not have an equivalent in
another language. When acronyms are first displayed, some languages
will display the expanded form first followed by the acronym in parenthesis,
while other languages do the reverse. For some acronyms, a translation
may need to render both the original and the translated version of
the acronym. For all of these reasons, DITA allows an author or translator
to control what is presented to a reader by using the &lt;glossSurfaceForm>
element, which will often accompany the &lt;glossAcronym>. The <xref
href="abbreviated-form.dita">&lt;abbreviated-form></xref> topic contains
information on how the &lt;glossSurfaceForm> and &lt;glossAcronym>
elements affect references to the primary term.</note></section>
<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-glossAcronym/contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="glossAcronym-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-glossAcronym/containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained
By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="glossAcronym-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/title concept/title glossentry/glossAcronym </p></section>
<example conref="glossentry.dita#glossentry/example" id="example"></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="title_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/base">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/id-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow
conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/localization-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
