<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="hazardstatement" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>hazardstatement</title>
<shortdesc> The &lt;<keyword>hazardstatement</keyword>&gt; element
contains hazard warning information. It is based on the regulations
of ANSI Z535 and ISO 3864. It enables the author to select the type
of hazard, add information about the specific hazard and how to avoid
it, and add one or more safety symbols.</shortdesc><?Pub Caret 118?>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>hazardstatement</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-hazardstatement/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"> 			<title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="hazardstatement-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-hazardstatement/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"> 			<title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref
keyref="hazardstatement-contained-by"></xref> 			</p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>+
topic/note hazard-d/hazardstatement </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p> <keyword>Danger:</keyword> Indicates
an imminently hazardous situation which, if not avoided, <b>will</b> result
in death or serious injury. <codeblock
id="codeblock_E20D4F1784044B9986E2C0977F219A49" xml:space="preserve">&lt;hazardstatement <b>type="danger"</b>&gt;
  &lt;messagepanel&gt;
    &lt;typeofhazard&gt;Rotating blade.&lt;/typeofhazard&gt;
    &lt;consequence&gt;Moving parts can crush and cut.&lt;/consequence&gt;
    &lt;howtoavoid&gt;Follow lockout procedure before servicing.&lt;/howtoavoid&gt;
  &lt;/messagepanel&gt;
  &lt;hazardsymbol href="rotatingblade.png"/&gt;
&lt;/hazardstatement&gt;</codeblock> </p><p> <keyword>Warning:</keyword> Indicates
a potentially hazardous situation which, if not avoided, <b>could</b> result
in death or serious injury. <codeblock
id="codeblock_D7ED9BCFB8AF4CCC876EA9A9BB9E2979">&lt;hazardstatement <b>type="warning"</b>&gt;
  &lt;messagepanel&gt;
    &lt;typeofhazard&gt;Hot surfaces inside.&lt;/typeofhazard&gt;
    &lt;consequence&gt;Contact may cause burn.&lt;/consequence&gt;
    &lt;howtoavoid&gt;Wear protective gear before servicing internal parts.&lt;/howtoavoid&gt;
  &lt;/messagepanel&gt;
  &lt;hazardsymbol href="hotsurface.png"/&gt;
&lt;/hazardstatement&gt;</codeblock> </p><p> <keyword>Caution:</keyword> Indicates
a potentially hazardous situation which, if not avoided, <b>may</b> result
in minor or moderate injury.  <codeblock
id="codeblock_093F3B51F6A44C6187B89E16DE82435B">&lt;hazardstatement <b>type="caution"</b>&gt;
  &lt;messagepanel&gt;
    &lt;typeofhazard&gt;Lifting Hazard.&lt;/typeofhazard&gt;
    &lt;consequence&gt;May result in injury.&lt;/consequence&gt;
    &lt;howtoavoid&gt;See safety manual for lifting instructions.&lt;/howtoavoid&gt;
  &lt;/messagepanel&gt;
  &lt;hazardsymbol href="heavy.png"/&gt;
&lt;/hazardstatement&gt;</codeblock> </p><p><keyword>Notice:</keyword> Indicates
a potential situation which, if not avoided, may result in <b>property
damage</b> or in an <b>undesirable result or state</b>. <codeblock
id="codeblock_A15CC9A2F2A74F3583A357D11E904E30">&lt;hazardstatement <b>type="notice"</b>&gt;
  &lt;messagepanel&gt;
    &lt;typeofhazard&gt;Battery low&lt;/typeofhazard&gt;
    &lt;howtoavoid&gt;Push and hold for charge state test.&lt;/howtoavoid&gt;
  &lt;/messagepanel&gt;
  &lt;hazardsymbol href="general.png"/&gt;
&lt;/hazardstatement&gt;</codeblock></p></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="attribute_table" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow
conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/type-hazardstatement">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/spectitle">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/othertype-note">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005428?>
