<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="index-see" xml:lang="en-us"><?Pub Caret1?>
<title>index-see</title>
<shortdesc>An &lt;index-see&gt; element within an &lt;indexterm&gt;
redirects the reader to another index entry that the reader should
reference instead of the current one.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>index-see</indexterm><indexterm>Indexing domain
elements<indexterm>index-see</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section id="index-redirection"><p>The &lt;index-see&gt; and &lt;index-see-also&gt;
elements allow a form of redirection to another index entry within
the generated index. The &lt;index-see&gt; element refers to an index
entry that the reader should use <i>instead of</i> the current one,
whereas the &lt;index-see-also&gt; element refers to an index entry
that the reader should use <i>in addition to</i> the current one. </p><p>The &lt;index-see&gt;
and &lt;index-see-also&gt; elements are ignored if their parent indexterm
element contains any indexterm children.</p></section>
<section><p>Because an index-see indicates a redirection to use instead
of the current entry, it is an error if, for any index-see, there
is also an index-see-also or an indexterm  for the same index entry
(i.e., with an identical sort key). An implementation may (but need
not) give an error  message, and may (but need not) recover from this
error condition by treating the index-see as an index-see-also.</p><p>It
is not an error for there to be multiple index-see elements for a
single index entry.</p></section>
<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-index-see/contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="index-see-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-index-see/containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained
By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="index-see-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>+
topic/index-base indexing-d/index-see </p></section>
<example id="example"><p>The following example illustrates the use
of an &lt;index-see&gt; redirection element within an &lt;indexterm&gt;:</p><codeblock
xml:space="preserve">&lt;indexterm&gt;Carassius auratus
   &lt;index-see&gt;Goldfish&lt;/index-see&gt;
&lt;/indexterm&gt;</codeblock><p>This will typically generate an index
entry without a page reference:</p><ul>
<li id="WS31ee95e0b0c9e7e91643e4b10c8d987a95-7ff7">Carassius auratus, <i>see</i> Goldfish</li>
</ul><p>The following example illustrates the use of an &lt;index-see&gt;
redirection element to a more complex (multilevel) &lt;indexterm&gt;:</p><codeblock
xml:space="preserve">&lt;indexterm&gt;Feeding goldfish
   &lt;index-see&gt;Goldfish &lt;indexterm&gt;feeding&lt;/indexterm&gt;&lt;/index-see&gt;
&lt;/indexterm&gt;</codeblock><p>This is part of the indexing markup
that might generate index entries such as:</p><ul>
<li id="WS31ee95e0b0c9e7e91643e4b10c8d987a95-7ffe">Feeding goldfish<ul>
<li id="WS31ee95e0b0c9e7e91643e4b10c8d987a95-7ffd"><i>see</i> Goldfish
feeding</li>
</ul></li>
<li id="WS31ee95e0b0c9e7e91643e4b10c8d987a95-7ffc">Goldfish<ul>
<li id="WS31ee95e0b0c9e7e91643e4b10c8d987a95-7ffb">feeding, 56</li>
<li id="WS31ee95e0b0c9e7e91643e4b10c8d987a95-7ffa">flushing, 128,
345</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="index-see_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/keyref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classonly"><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/></strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
