<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="keywords" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>keywords</title>
 <shortdesc>The &lt;keywords> element contains a list of terms from a controlled or uncontrolled
  subject vocabulary that applies to the topic or map. The keywords may be used by a search engine.
  The keywords are marked up using the &lt;indexterm> and/or &lt;keyword> elements.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <keywords><indexterm>keywords</indexterm><indexterm>Prolog elements<indexterm
      >keywords</indexterm></indexterm>
    <indexterm>Map elements<indexterm>keywords</indexterm></indexterm>
   </keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <refbody><section>
   <p>All &lt;keyword> and/or &lt;indexterm> elements in the &lt;keywords> element are considered
    part of the topic's metadata and should be reflected in the output as appropriate for the output
     medium.<note>While the &lt;<xref href="keyword.dita">keyword</xref>> element may be
     used inline, the &lt;keywords> element is not an inline element. The &lt;keywords> element only
     appears in the &lt;topicmeta> or &lt;prolog>, and is used to specify keywords that apply to the
     topic.</note></p>
  </section><section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-keywords/contains"
   id="contains" otherprops="contains">
   <title>Contains</title>
   <p>The content model of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content model
    information is located here: <xref keyref="keywords-contains"/></p>
  </section><section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-keywords/containedby"
   id="containedby" otherprops="containedby">
   <title>Contained By</title>
   <p>The parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content model information is
    located here: <xref keyref="keywords-contained-by"/></p>
  </section><section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance">
   <title>Inheritance</title>
   <p>- topic/keywords </p>
  </section>
  <example id="example">
   <title>Example</title>
   <p>The following example is metadata from an installation task:</p>
   <codeblock xml:space="preserve">&lt;prolog&gt;
 &lt;metadata>
  &lt;keywords&gt;
   &lt;keyword&gt;installing&lt;/keyword&gt;
   &lt;keyword&gt;uninstalling&lt;/keyword&gt;
   &lt;keyword&gt;prerequisites&lt;/keyword&gt; 
   &lt;keyword&gt;helps&lt;/keyword&gt;
   &lt;keyword&gt;wizards&lt;/keyword&gt;
  &lt;/keywords&gt;
 &lt;/metadata>
&lt;/prolog&gt;</codeblock>
  </example>
  <section id="attributes">
   <title>Attributes</title>
   <simpletable id="keywords_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
    <sthead>
     <stentry>Name</stentry>
     <stentry>Description</stentry>
     <stentry>Data Type</stentry>
     <stentry>Default Value</stentry>
     <stentry>Required?</stentry>
    </sthead>
    <strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
     <stentry/>
     <stentry/>
     <stentry/>
     <stentry/>
     <stentry/>
    </strow>
    <strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
     <stentry/>
     <stentry/>
     <stentry/>
     <stentry/>
     <stentry/>
    </strow>
    <strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classonly">
     <stentry/>
     <stentry/>
     <stentry/>
     <stentry/>
     <stentry/>
    </strow>
   </simpletable>
  </section></refbody>
</reference>
