<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="keyword" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>keyword</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>keyword</keyword>&gt; element identifies
a keyword or token, such as a single value from an enumerated list,
the name of a command or parameter, product name, or a lookup key
for a message.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>keyword</indexterm><indexterm>Body elements<indexterm>keyword</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p><q>Keyword</q> means any text that has a unique or key-like
value, such as a product name. Where there is an element that has
a better meaning for what you are describing, use that element. The
keyword element is a generic element; use it when no other element
applies. The keyword element can also be used to contain reusable
text.</p><p>With DITA 1.2, another option for reusable text
is the &lt;<xref href="text.dita">text</xref>> element, which is designed
to be free of any extra semantics. The &lt;text> element is available
within keyword, and it should be possible to use either keyword or
text to reuse content in any situation.</p><p>Specific markup recommendations:<ul>
<li>Use &lt;apiname> for API names and &lt;cmdname> for command names.</li>
<li>Use &lt;<xref href="term.dita">term</xref>> to indicate what you
are defining with inline paragraph definitions.</li>
<li>Use &lt;<xref href="ph.dita">ph</xref>> for general phrases when
keyword is not appropriate.</li>
<li>Use &lt;kwd> to indicate programming keywords in syntax diagrams
and syntax phrases.</li><?Pub Caret 80?>
</ul></p><p>Specialized elements derived from &lt;<keyword>keyword</keyword>&gt;
may also have extended processing, such as different formatting or
automatic indexing. </p><p>All &lt;keyword> or &lt;indexterm> elements
in the &lt;keywords> metadata element are considered part of the topic's
metadata and should be processed accordingly as appropriate for the
given output medium.<note>While the &lt;keyword> element
may be used inline, the &lt;<xref href="keywords.dita"></xref>> element
is not an inline element. The &lt;keywords> element only appears in
the &lt;topicmeta> or &lt;prolog>, and is used to specify keywords
that apply to the topic.</note></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-keyword/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="keyword-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-keyword/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="keyword-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/keyword </p></section>
<example id="example"><codeblock xml:space="preserve">&lt;p&gt;The &lt;keyword&gt;assert&lt;/keyword&gt; pragma statement allows messages to be passed
to the emulator, pre-compiler, etc..&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p>The &lt;keyword id="myProduct">AmazingProduct&lt;/keyword> can make use of
this feature to do really neat stuff.&lt;/p></codeblock></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="keyword_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classoutkey">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004448?>
