<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="lcProject" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>lcProject</title>
	<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>lcProject</keyword>&gt; provides learning content project plan description information.
</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>lcProject</indexterm><indexterm>learning and training elements<indexterm>lcProject</indexterm></indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-lcProject/contains" otherprops="contains">
			<title>Contains</title><p>The content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref keyref="lcProject-contains"/>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-lcProject/containedby" otherprops="containedby">
			<title>Contained By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content model
information is located here: <xref keyref="lcProject-contained-by"/>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance">
			<title>Inheritance</title><p>- topic/section learningBase/section learningPlan/lcProject </p>
</section>

<example id="example">
  <title>Example</title>
  <codeblock>
&lt;learningPlan id="learningPlanTest"> 
    &lt;title>Learning Plan&lt;/title> 
    &lt;shortdesc>It's always good to provide a plan. 
    &lt;/shortdesc>
    &lt;learningPlanbody>
        &lt;lcProject> 
            &lt;title>lcProject&lt;/title>
            &lt;lcClient> 
                &lt;title>Client&lt;/title> 
                &lt;p>Joint work group 
                &lt;/p>
            &lt;/lcClient>
            &lt;lcPlanTitle> 
                &lt;title>Plan Title&lt;/title> 
                &lt;p>Joint goals learning plan. 
                &lt;/p>
            &lt;/lcPlanTitle>
            &lt;lcCIN>
                &lt;title>Joint WG&lt;/title>
            &lt;/lcCIN>
            &lt;lcModDate> 
                &lt;title>Modification Date&lt;/title> 
                &lt;p>20070315 
                &lt;/p>
            &lt;/lcModDate>
            &lt;lcDelivDate> 
                &lt;title>Delivery Date&lt;/title> 
                &lt;p>20070630 
                &lt;/p>
            &lt;/lcDelivDate>
            &lt;lcPlanSubject> 
                &lt;title>Subject&lt;/title> 
                &lt;p>This course covers the goals of the Joint WG. 
                &lt;/p>
            &lt;/lcPlanSubject>
            &lt;lcPlanDescrip> 
                &lt;title>Plan Description&lt;/title> 
                &lt;p>The goal of the Joint WG module is to provide learners with a broad overview
  of the Joint WG. 
                &lt;/p>
            &lt;/lcPlanDescrip>
            &lt;lcPlanPrereqs> 
                &lt;title>Prerequisites&lt;/title> 
                &lt;p>This course assumes you have mastery of JWG 101 (Fundamentals of Joint
  Workgroups) or the equivalent. 
                &lt;/p>
            &lt;/lcPlanPrereqs>
        &lt;/lcProject>
    &lt;/learningPlanbody>
  </codeblock>
</example>
<section id="attributes">
<title>Attributes</title> 
<simpletable id="lcProject_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/spectitle">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable> 
</section>
</refbody>
</reference>

