<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="lcSequence" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>lcSequence</title>
	<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>lcSequence</keyword>&gt; element in an assessment interaction provides the position of a sequence option in a sequence. </shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>lcSequence</indexterm><indexterm>learning and training elements<indexterm>lcSequence</indexterm></indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-lcSequence/contains" otherprops="contains">
			<title>Contains</title><p>The content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref keyref="lcSequence-contains"/>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-lcSequence/containedby" otherprops="containedby">
			<title>Contained By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content model
information is located here: <xref keyref="lcSequence-contained-by"/>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance">
			<title>Inheritance</title><p>+ topic/data learningInteractionBase-d/data learning-d/lcSequence </p>
		</section>
<example id="example">
  <title>Example</title>
  <codeblock>
      &lt;lcSequencing id="sequencing">
        &lt;title>Sequencing City Populations in the U.S.&lt;/title>
        &lt;lcQuestion>Order the following U.S. cities according to population, from
          largest to smallest.&lt;/lcQuestion>
        &lt;lcSequenceOptionGroup>
          &lt;lcSequenceOption>
            &lt;lcAnswerContent>Portland, Oregon&lt;/lcAnswerContent>
            &lt;lcSequence name="lcSequence" value="2"/>
          &lt;/lcSequenceOption>
          &lt;lcSequenceOption>
            &lt;lcAnswerContent>Chicago, Illinois&lt;/lcAnswerContent>
            &lt;lcSequence name="lcSequence" value="1"/>
          &lt;/lcSequenceOption>
          &lt;lcSequenceOption>
            &lt;lcAnswerContent>Portland, Maine&lt;/lcAnswerContent>
            &lt;lcSequence name="lcSequence" value="4"/>
          &lt;/lcSequenceOption>
          &lt;lcSequenceOption>
            &lt;lcAnswerContent>Syracuse, New York&lt;/lcAnswerContent>
            &lt;lcSequence name="lcSequence" value="3"/>
          &lt;/lcSequenceOption>
        &lt;/lcSequenceOptionGroup>
        &lt;lcFeedbackIncorrect>No, try again, please.     &lt;/lcFeedbackIncorrect>
        &lt;lcFeedbackCorrect>Very good.&lt;/lcFeedbackCorrect>
      &lt;/lcSequencing>
  </codeblock>
</example>
<section id="attributes">
<title>Attributes</title> 
<simpletable id="lcSequence_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry>name</stentry>
<stentry>The name used to indicate this data.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>lcSequence</stentry>
<stentry>Required</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry>datatype</stentry>
<stentry>The datatype for this data.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>Use numbers for sequence.</stentry>
<stentry>Required</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry>value</stentry>
<stentry>The position of an option in a sequence of options.</stentry>
<stentry>PCDATA</stentry>
<stentry>Use a number.</stentry>
<stentry>Required</stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable> 
</section>
</refbody>
</reference>
