<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference
  id="learningObject" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>learningObject</title>
  <shortdesc><keyword>learningObject</keyword> organizes topic references to DITA learning topics as
    a learning object. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>learningObject</indexterm><indexterm>learning and training elements<indexterm
            >learningObject</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody><section>
      <p>A learningObject follows a specific sequence of topic references to learning content,
        starting with a learningPlan, then a learning overview or learning pre-assessment, one or
        more learning content topics, a learning summary, and one or more learning post-assessment
        topics. </p>
      <p>By default, the topic references in a learningObject are expected to use the
        learning-specific topic types. However, the href can point to content of any type that you
        want to structure as a learning object. In this way, you can structure any existing DITA
        content as a learning object, and then take advantage of the learning-specific processing
        available for building and packaging that content for delivery in a learning system or
        learning context.</p>
    </section><section
      id="contains"
      conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-learningObject/contains"
      otherprops="contains">
      <title>Contains</title>
      <p>The content model of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content model
        information is located here: <xref
          keyref="learningObject-contains"/>
      </p>
    </section><section
      id="containedby"
      conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-learningObject/containedby"
      otherprops="containedby">
      <title>Contained By</title>
      <p>The parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content model information
        is located here: <xref
          keyref="learningObject-contained-by"/>
      </p>
    </section><section
      id="inheritance"
      otherprops="inheritance">
      <title>Inheritance</title>
      <p>+ map/topicref learningmap-d/learningObject</p>
    </section>
    <example
      id="example">
      <title>Example</title>
      <draft-comment
        author="WEK">Added example of using learningContentComponentRef within
        learningContentRef.</draft-comment>
      <codeblock>
&lt;map title="learningobject_example"&gt;
 &lt;!-- learningObject clusters can appear anywhere in a map hierarchy but always
     follow a consistent information pattern within the LO -->
 &lt;learningObject collection-type="sequence" href="topOverview.dita" type="learningOverview">
  &lt;learningPlanRef href="testlearningPlan.dita" type="learningPlan">
  &lt;/learningPlanRef>
  &lt;learningOverviewRef href="testlearningOverview.dita" type="learningOverview">
  &lt;/learningOverviewRef>
  &lt;learningContentRef href="testlearningContent.dita" type="learningContent">
    &lt;learningContentComponentRef href="termA.dita" type="glossentry"/>
    &lt;learningContentComponentRef href="termB.dita" type="glossentry"/>
  &lt;/learningContentRef>
  &lt;learningAssessmentRef href="testlearningAssess.dita" type="learningAssessment">
  &lt;/learningAssessmentRef>
  &lt;learningSummaryRef href="testlearningSummary.dita" type="learningSummary">
  &lt;/learningSummaryRef>
 &lt;/learningObject>
&lt;/map&gt;
</codeblock>
    </example>
    <section
      id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <simpletable
        id="learningObject_attr"
        relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Name</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>Data Type</stentry>
          <stentry>Default Value</stentry>
          <stentry>Required?</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow
          conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/navtitle">
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow
          conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/href-topicref">
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow
          conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/query">
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow
          conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/copy-to">
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>type</stentry>
          <stentry>The topic type of the map reference.</stentry>
          <stentry>CDATA</stentry>
          <stentry>learningOverview</stentry>
          <stentry>IMPLIED</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow
          conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts">
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow
          conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow
          conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow
          conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classoutkey">
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section></refbody>
</reference>
