<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="linktext" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>linktext</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>linktext</keyword>&gt; element provides
the literal label or line of text for a link. In most cases, the text
of a link can be resolved during processing by cross reference with
the target resource. Use the &lt;<keyword>linktext</keyword>&gt; element
only when the target cannot be reached, such as when it is a peer
or external link, or when <?Pub Caret?>the target is local but not
in DITA format. <ph>When used inside a topic, it is used
as the text for the specified link; when used within a map, it is
used as the text for generated links that point to the specified topic.</ph></shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>linktext</indexterm><indexterm>Related Links
elements<indexterm>linktext</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Map
elements<indexterm>linktext</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-linktext/contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="linktext-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-linktext/containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained
By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="linktext-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>"-
topic/linktext " when used in topics, and "- map/linktext " when used
in maps.</p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><codeblock
xml:space="preserve">&lt;link href="tzover.htm#accsqlj"&gt;
 &lt;linktext&gt;Accessing relational data with SQLJ&lt;/linktext&gt;
&lt;/link&gt;
</codeblock></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="linktext_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
