<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="linklist" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>linklist</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>linklist</keyword>&gt; element defines
an author-arranged group of links. When you use a &lt;<keyword>linklist</keyword>&gt;
element, the organization of links on final output is in the same
order as originally authored inside that element.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>linklist</indexterm><indexterm>Related Links
elements<indexterm>linklist</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section id="linkgroups"><p>There are two ways to organize
related information links within a topic. First, you can add them
all in no particular order, either by using &lt;linkpool&gt; elements
or by placing &lt;link> elements directly within &lt;related-links&gt;,
in which case the rendering is implementation dependent. For example,
tools may choose to sort all links based on the role or type; tools
may also move or remove links to fit the context (for example, moving
a prerequisite link to the top of a browser window, or removing links
to the next topic if it is rendered on the same page in a PDF). These
behaviors are examples only and are not required.</p><p>Second, links
may be grouped using one or more &lt;linklist&gt; elements. When you
group them using &lt;linklist&gt;, then the order of the links within
each &lt;linklist> is preserved when rendered. You may also use a
combination of the two approaches, which will allow some links to
be automatically sorted while the others are left as-is.</p><p>Attributes
set on the &lt;linkpool> and &lt;linklist&gt; elements are inherited
by their descendants. For example, if you have a &lt;linklist&gt;
element that contains all external links, you can set <i>scope="external"</i> on
that outer &lt;linklist&gt; element and leave it off the &lt;link>
elements within that &lt;linklist>.</p><?Pub Caret?></section>
<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-linklist/contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="linklist-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-linklist/containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained
By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="linklist-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/linklist </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><codeblock>&lt;related-links>
  &lt;linklist scope="external">
    &lt;title>Example links&lt;/title>
    &lt;desc>These links will always appear in this order.&lt;/desc>
    &lt;link href="http://www.example.org">
      &lt;linktext>Example 1&lt;/linktext>
    &lt;/link>
    &lt;link href="http://www.example.com">
      &lt;linktext>Example 2&lt;/linktext>
    &lt;/link>
  &lt;/linklits>
&lt;/related-links></codeblock></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="linklist_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/collection-type">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/duplicates">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/mapkeyref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/type">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/role">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/otherrole">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/spectitle">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/format">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/scope">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
<related-links>
<linklist><title></title>
<desc></desc>
</linklist>
</related-links>
</reference>
