<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="map" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>map</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>map</keyword>&gt; element describes the
relationships among a set of resources, such as DITA topics. Maps
consist of references to topics, maps, and other resources organized
into hierarchies, groups, and tables. Maps express these relationships
in a single common format that can be used for different outputs. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>map</indexterm><indexterm>Map elements<indexterm>map</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>The containing element for a map is the &lt;<keyword>map</keyword>&gt;
element. Within the map, use the &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;
element to add and organize references to the topics, and the &lt;topicgroup&gt;
and &lt;reltable&gt; elements to provide non-hierarchical relationships.
You can use the &lt;map&gt; element to set default attribute values
for all &lt;topicref&gt; elements in the map.</p><p>A map describes
the relationships among a set of DITA topics. The following are some
examples of relationships that can be described in a map:<ul>
<li>Hierarchical (Parent/Child). Nested topics create a hierarchical
relationship. The topic that does the nesting is the parent, and the
topics that are nested are the children.</li>
<li>Ordered. Child topics can be labeled as having an ordered relationship,
which means they are referenced in a definite sequence.</li>
<li>Family. Child topics can be labeled as having a family relationship,
which means they all refer to each other.</li>
</ul></p><p>When rendering a map, processors may make use of these
relationships, such as to create a Table of Contents (TOC), aggregate
topics into a PDF document, or create links between topics in output.</p><!--<draft-comment translate="no">Replaced the following paragraph in
the final committee draft of DITA 1.1: <p>While the title attribute
on a map is optional, the title attribute is required if the map is
being used to provide Eclipse help navigation files. The title attribute
of the map becomes the &lt;toc&gt; label attribute in Eclipse output,
which is used when the navigation file is set as primary (appearing
at the top level of the navigation rather than consumed by other navigation
files).</p></draft-comment>--><?Pub Caret 237?><p>The title element
may optionally be used to provide a title for the map (the title element
is preferred over the title attribute). In some scenarios the title
is purely informational, and is present as an aid to the author. In
other scenarios it may be useful or even required. For example, if
a map is converted to Eclipse Help, the Eclipse system will require
a title for the resulting table of contents. In the bookmap specialization
of map, the &lt;title> element provides a title for the book represented
by that map.</p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-map/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref keyref="map-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-map/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="map-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
map/map </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>In this example, there
are six topicrefs. They are nested and have a hierarchical relationship.
The file bats.dita is the parent topic and the other topics are its
children. The hierarchy could be used to generate a PDF, a navigation
pane in an information center, a summary of the topics, or related
links between the parent topic and its children.</p><codeblock
xml:space="preserve">&lt;map id="mybats"&gt;
  &lt;title&gt;Bats&lt;/title&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="bats.dita" type="topic"&gt;
    &lt;topicref href="batcaring.dita" type="task"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
    &lt;topicref href="batfeeding.dita" type="task"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
    &lt;topicref href="batsonar.dita" type="concept"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
    &lt;topicref href="batguano.dita" type="reference"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
    &lt;topicref href="bathistory.dita" type="reference"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;/topicref&gt;
&lt;/map&gt;</codeblock></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="map_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/title-map">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/id-map">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/conref-map">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/anchorref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/xmlnsditaarch">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/DITAArchVersion">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/domains">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/select-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow
conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/localization-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000007273?>
