<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="metadata" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>metadata</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>metadata</keyword>&gt; section
of the prolog contains information about a topic such as audience
and product information. Metadata can be used by computational processes
to select particular topics or to prepare search indexes or to customize
navigation. Elements inside of &lt;<keyword>metadata</keyword>&gt;
provide information about the content and subject of a topic; prolog
elements outside of &lt;<keyword>metadata</keyword>&gt; provide lifecycle
information for the content unit (such as the author or copyright),
which are unrelated to the subject.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>metadata</indexterm><indexterm>Prolog elements<indexterm>metadata</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>Beginning with DITA 1.2, the metadata element is
available inside topicmeta in maps, although the contents of metadata
are still available directly inside topicmeta. As with the prolog,
the metadata element within topicmeta allows you to group elements
that describe the content or subject of the target. The primary purpose
for enabling the metadata element within maps is to allow easier reuse
between topics and maps.</section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-metadata/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="metadata-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-metadata/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="metadata-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/metadata </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>Metadata within a topic:</p><codeblock>&lt;prolog&gt;
  <b>&lt;metadata&gt;</b>
    &lt;audience type="user" job="using" experiencelevel="novice"/&gt;
  <b>&lt;/metadata&gt;</b>
&lt;/prolog&gt;</codeblock><?Pub Caret 104?><p>Metadata within a map:</p><codeblock>&lt;topicref href="metadata.dita" navtitle="metadata element">
  &lt;topicmeta>
    <b>&lt;metadata></b>
      &lt;keywords>
        &lt;indexterm>metadata element&lt;/indexterm>
      &lt;/keywords>
    <b>&lt;/metadata></b>
  &lt;/topicmeta>
&lt;/prolog></codeblock></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="metadata_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/mapkeyref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classonly">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003911?>
