<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="navtitle" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>navtitle</title>
<shortdesc>The navigation title (&lt;<keyword>navtitle</keyword>&gt;)
element is one of a set of alternate titles that can be included inside
the &lt;<keyword>titlealts</keyword>&gt; element. This navigation
title may differ from the first level heading that shows in the main
browser window. Use &lt;<keyword>navtitle</keyword>&gt; when the actual
title of the topic isn't appropriate for use in a table of contents,
navigation pane, or online content (for example, because the actual
title is too long). <ph>Beginning with DITA 1.2, the navtitle
element is also available in the &lt;<keyword>topicmeta</keyword>>
element in a &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>> in a map, and its use
is preferred over the topicref&apos;s navtitle attribute.</ph></shortdesc><?Pub
Caret 593?>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>navtitle</indexterm><indexterm>Topic elements<indexterm>navtitle</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>When navtitle is used in a map, it functions
in the same way as the navtitle attribute; both are used to specify
a navigation title for the target of the &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>>
element. That is, the title itself will only be used as an actual
navigation title when the title is locked; the title is locked when
the closest ancestor topicref element sets or inherits the attribute
locktitle="yes". If the title is not locked, processing systems will
typically retrieve the current title from the target topic, looking
first for a navtitle element and second for the general title.</p><p>When
both a navtitle element and a navtitle attribute are specified, the
navtitle element should be used.</p><p>Because the navtitle element
is available within topicmeta, and topicmeta is used in many different
contexts, it is possible that navtitle can be specified in contexts
where a navigation title does not make sense (for example, on the
topicgroup element). In those situations, the navtitle element has
no defined purpose.</p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-navtitle/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="navtitle-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-navtitle/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="navtitle-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/navtitle </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><fig><title>Navtitle sample
in a topic</title>
<codeblock>&lt;task id=progexample">
 &lt;title>Publishing a DITA information set in PDF&lt;/title>
  &lt;titlealts>&lt;navtitle>Publishing in PDF&lt;/navtitle>&lt;/titlealts>
 &lt;taskbody> . . . &lt;/taskbody>
&lt;/task></codeblock>
</fig><fig><title>Navtitle samples in a map</title>
<p>In this sample, the first title is not locked, and will generally
be replaced with a title retrieved from a.dita. The second title is
locked, and will be displayed when this map is used as a basis for
navigation.</p>
<codeblock>&lt;map xml:lang="en">
  &lt;title>This is a sample map&lt;/title>
  &lt;topicref href="a.dita">
    &lt;topicmeta>
      &lt;navtitle>Title of A&lt;/navtitle>
    &lt;/topicmeta>
  &lt;/topicref>
  &lt;topicref href="b.dita" locktitle="yes">
    &lt;topicmeta>
      &lt;navtitle>Short Title for B&lt;/navtitle>
    &lt;/topicmeta>
  &lt;/topicref>
&lt;/map></codeblock>
</fig></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="navtitle_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classonly">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004946?>
