<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="pre" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>pre</title>
<shortdesc>The preformatted element (&lt;<keyword>pre</keyword>&gt;)
preserves line breaks and spaces entered manually by the author in
the content of the element, and also presents the content in a monospaced
type font (depending on your output formatting processor). Do not
use &lt;<keyword>pre</keyword>&gt; when a more semantically specific
element is appropriate, such as &lt;<keyword>codeblock</keyword>&gt;.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>pre (preformatted text)</indexterm><indexterm>preformatted
text (pre)</indexterm><indexterm>Body elements<indexterm>pre</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-pre/contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref keyref="pre-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-pre/containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained
By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="pre-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/pre </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>The following
example will preserve all line breaks.</p><codeblock>&lt;pre&gt;
MEMO: programming team fun day
Remember to bring a kite, softball glove, or other favorite
outdoor accessory to tomorrow's fun day outing at Zilker Park.
Volunteers needed for the dunking booth.
&lt;/pre&gt;</codeblock><p>The rendered result will differ depending
on the processor that is rendering your DITA content. It will generally
<?Pub Caret?>look something like this:<pre>MEMO: programming team fun day
Remember to bring a kite, softball glove, or other favorite
outdoor accessory to tomorrow's fun day outing at Zilker Park.
Volunteers needed for the dunking booth.
</pre></p></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="pre_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/spectitle">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/display-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classoutspace">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
