<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="q" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>q</title>
<shortdesc>A quotation element (&lt;q&gt;) indicates content quoted
from another source. This element is used for short quotes which are
displayed inline. Use the long quote element (&lt;lq&gt;) for quotations
that should be set off from the surrounding text.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>q (short quote)</indexterm><indexterm>short quote
(q)</indexterm><indexterm>quote, short (q)</indexterm><indexterm>Body
elements<indexterm>q</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>Authors should not add quote punctuation manually
when using the &lt;q> element. Processors that render the &lt;q> element
should add appropriate styling, such as locale-specific quotation
marks.</p><?Pub Caret -1?><draft-comment>Question added end of 2008:
How much should we describe of the behavior? HTML says:<p>Visual user
agents must ensure that the content of the Q element is rendered with
delimiting quotation marks. Authors should not put quotation marks
at the beginning and end of the content of a Q element.</p><p>User
agents should render quotation marks in a language-sensitive manner
(see the lang attribute). Many languages adopt different quotation
styles for outer and inner (nested) quotations, which should be respected
by user-agents.</p></draft-comment><draft-comment>For DITA 1.2, added
the styling behavior based on the decision recorded here in March
2009: http://lists.oasis-open.org/archives/dita/200903/msg00005.html</draft-comment></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-q/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref keyref="q-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-q/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="q-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/q </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><codeblock
xml:space="preserve">George said, &lt;q&gt;Disengage the power supply before servicing the unit.&lt;/q&gt;</codeblock></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="q_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003559?>
