<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="refbodydiv" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>refbodydiv</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>refbodydiv</keyword>> element is similar
to the &lt;<keyword>bodydiv</keyword>> element in that it provides
an informal container for content that may be grouped within a reference.
Reference topics place many restrictions on their content compared
to generic topics; the &lt;<keyword>refbodydiv</keyword>> element
maintains these restrictions by only allowing elements that are already
available within the body of a reference. There are no additional
semantics attached to the &lt;<keyword>refbodydiv</keyword>> element;
it is purely a grouping element provided to help organize content.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>refbodydiv</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>The &lt;refbodydiv> element may nest itself, which means
that it may be used by specializers to create structured information
within a specialized reference topic. Another common use case for
the &lt;refbodydiv> element is to group a sequence of related elements
for reuse, so that another topic may reference the entire set with
a single conref attribute.</section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-refbodydiv/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="refbodydiv-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-refbodydiv/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="refbodydiv-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/bodydiv reference/refbodydiv </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><codeblock>&lt;reference id="sample-refbodydiv" xml:lang="en">
 &lt;title>Sample for refbody&lt;/title>
 &lt;shortdesc>This shows how refbodydiv might be used.&lt;/shortdesc>
 &lt;refbody>
  &lt;refbodydiv id="widget1">
   &lt;section>This is one part of the sample&lt;/section>
   &lt;refsyn>Syntax for this part&lt;/refsyn>
  &lt;/refbodydiv> 
  &lt;refbodydiv id="widget2">
    &lt;section>This is another part of the sample&lt;/section>
    &lt;refsyn>Syntax for this part&lt;/refsyn>
  &lt;/refbodydiv>
 &lt;/refbody>
&lt;/reference>
</codeblock><?Pub Caret 325?></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="refbodydiv_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003696?>
