<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="reference" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>reference</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>reference</keyword>&gt; element defines
a top-level container for a reference topic. Reference topics document
programming constructs or facts about a product. Examples of reference
topics include (but are not limited to) product specifications, environmental
specifications, equipment lists, parts lists, required tools, language
elements, class descriptions, commands, functions, <!--statements, protocols, types, declarators, operands,-->and
API information. All of these items provide quick access to facts,
but no deeper explanation of related concepts or tasks. Reference
topics have the same high-level structure as any other topic type,
with a title, short description, and body. Within the body, reference
topics are typically organized into one or more sections, property
lists, and tables. The reference topic type provides general rules
that apply to all kinds of reference information, using elements like &lt;<keyword>refsyn</keyword>&gt;
for syntax or signatures, and &lt;<keyword>properties</keyword>&gt;
for lists of properties and values.</shortdesc><?Pub Caret 318?>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>reference</indexterm><indexterm>Reference elements<indexterm>reference</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-reference/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="reference-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-reference/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="reference-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/topic       reference/reference </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><fig><title>Reference
topic for software material</title>
<codeblock>&lt;reference id="refexample"&gt;
  &lt;title&gt;A reference topic/title&gt;
  &lt;refbody&gt;
    &lt;refsyn&gt;Describe command or api syntax here, possibly
using synph or syntax elements markup for explicit 
definition of syntax or prototype construction.&lt;/refsyn&gt;
    &lt;section&gt;&lt;title&gt;Some section title&lt;/title&gt;&lt;/section&gt;
    &lt;properties&gt;
      &lt;property&gt;
        &lt;proptype&gt;type&lt;/proptype&gt;
        &lt;propvalue&gt;value&lt;/propvalue&gt;
        &lt;propdesc&gt;description&lt;/propdesc&gt;
      &lt;/property&gt;
    &lt;/properties&gt;
  &lt;/refbody&gt;
&lt;/reference&gt;</codeblock>
</fig><fig><title>Reference topic for hardware maintenance</title>
<p>The following information could apply to an entire set of maintenance
procedures, each of which would link to this topic.</p>
<codeblock>&lt;reference id="requiredTools">
  &lt;title>Tools required to maintain a big machine&lt;/title>
  &lt;refbody>
    &lt;section>
      &lt;title>Small tools&lt;/title>
		  &lt;ul>
        &lt;li>Hard hat&lt;/li>
        &lt;li>Hammer&lt;/li>
        &lt;li>Nail&lt;/li>
        &lt;li>Metal polish&lt;/li>
        &lt;!-- .... -->
      &lt;/ul>
    &lt;/section>
    &lt;section>
      &lt;title>Expensive tools&lt;/title>
      ...
    &lt;/section>
  &lt;/refbody>
&lt;/reference></codeblock>
</fig></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="reference_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/id-topic">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/conref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/xmlnsditaarch">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/DITAArchVersion">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/domains">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/select-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow
conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/localization-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005810?>
