<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="relcolspec" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>relcolspec</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;relcolspec> element is used to define a column
in a relationship table. The &lt;relcolspec> element may be used to
set default values for the &lt;topicref> elements in the column.</shortdesc><?Pub
Caret 77?>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>relcolspec</indexterm><indexterm>Map elements<indexterm>relcolspec</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>You can use the &lt;relcolspec> element to set
default values for the attributes of the topics that are referenced
in the column. For example, when you set the type attribute to "concept,"
all &lt;topicref> elements in the column that do not have a type attribute
specified are treated as concepts. When values are specified for attributes
of &lt;relcell> or &lt;relrow> elements, those values are inherited
before those defined for &lt;relcolspec> elements. Values specified
for attributes of &lt;relcolspec> elements are inherited before those
defined for the &lt;reltable> element.</p><p>Beginning with
DITA 1.2, you also can add &lt;topicref> elements to the &lt;relcolspec>
element; this defines a relationship between the topics that are referenced
in the &lt;recolspec> element and the topics that are referenced in
the column of the relationship table. Note that this does not define
a relationship between two cells in the same column; the only new
relationship is between &lt;topicref> targets in a &lt;relcell> and &lt;topicref>
targets in that column&apos;s &lt;relcolspec>.</p><p>Also
beginning with DITA 1.2, if you add a &lt;title> element to the &lt;relcolspec>
element, the content of the &lt;title> element is used as the label
for the related links that are defined and generated by the column.
If the &lt;title> element is not present, the labels for the related
links are generated in the following ways:<ul>
<li>If the &lt;relcolspec> element contains a &lt;topicref> element
that points to a non-DITA source, the value of the topicref&apos;s
navtitle element or attribute is used for the label.</li>
<li>If the &lt;relcolspec> element contains a &lt;topicref> element
that points to a DITA source and the locktitle attribute is set to
"yes," the value of the topicref&apos;s navtitle element or attribute
is used for the label.</li>
<li>If the &lt;relcolspec> element contains a &lt;topicref> element
that points to a DITA source and the locktitle attribute is missing
or set to "no," the label is derived from the &lt;navtitle> or &lt;title>
element specified within the topic.</li>
<li>If no title is specified and no topicref is present in the &lt;relcolspec>,
a rendering tool may choose to generate a title for the links generated
from that column.</li>
</ul></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-relcolspec/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="relcolspec-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-relcolspec/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="relcolspec-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
map/relcolspec </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>In this example,
a relationship table is defined with three columns; one for "concept",
one for "task", and one for "reference". Three cells are defined within
one row. The first cell contains one concept topic: puffins.dita.
The second cell contains two task topics: puffinFeeding.dita and puffinCleaning.dita.
The third cell contains a reference topic: puffinHistory.dita. Setting
the type on each column allows (but does not require) processors to
validate that the topics in each column are of the expected type.</p><codeblock>&lt;map>
 &lt;reltable>
  &lt;relheader>
   <b>&lt;relcolspec type="concept"/></b>
   <b>&lt;relcolspec type="task"/></b>
   <b>&lt;relcolspec type="reference"/></b>
  &lt;/relheader>
  &lt;relrow>
   &lt;relcell>&lt;topicref href="puffins.dita"/>&lt;/relcell>
   &lt;relcell>
     &lt;topicref href="puffinFeeding.dita"/>
     &lt;topicref href="puffinCleaning.dita"/>
   &lt;/relcell>
   &lt;relcell>
     &lt;topicref href="puffinHistory.dita"/>
   &lt;/relcell>
  &lt;/relrow>
 &lt;/reltable>
&lt;/map></codeblock></example>
<example><title>Example with column titles</title><p>Consider
the following relationship table:</p><codeblock>&lt;reltable>
  &lt;relheader>
    <b>&lt;relcolspec type="task"></b>
      &lt;topicref navtitle="Troubleshooting" href="tbs.dita" locktitle="yes"/>
    <b>&lt;/relcolspec></b>
    <b>&lt;relcolspec type="reference"></b>
      &lt;topicref navtitle="Messages" href="msg.dita" locktitle="yes"/>
    <b>&lt;/relcolspec></b>
  &lt;/relheader>
  &lt;relrow>
    &lt;relcell>
      &lt;topicref navtitle="Debugging login errors" href="debug_login.dita"/>
    &lt;/relcell>
    &lt;relcell>
      &lt;topicref navtitle="Login not found" href="login_error_1.dita"/>
    &lt;/relcell>
  &lt;/relrow>
  &lt;relrow>
    &lt;relcell>
      &lt;topicref navtitle="Checking access controls" href="checking_access.dita"/>
    &lt;/relcell>
    &lt;relcell>
      &lt;topicref navtitle="Login not allowed" href="login_error_2.dita"/>
    &lt;/relcell>
  &lt;/relrow>
&lt;/reltable></codeblock><p>In addition to the relationships defined
by the rows in the relationship table, the following relationships
are now defined by the columns in the relationship table:<ul>
<li>tbs.dita &lt;–> debug_login.dita</li>
<li>tbs.dita &lt;–> checking_access.dita</li>
<li>msg.dita &lt;–> login_error_1.dita</li>
<li>msg.dita &lt;–> login_error_2.dita</li>
</ul></p><p>Ignoring the headers for a moment, the &lt;reltable> here
would ordinarily define a two-way relationship between debug_login.dita
and login_error1.dita. This will typically be expressed as a link
from each to the other. An application may, but need not, render the
link with a language-appropriate heading such as "Related reference",
indicating that the target of the link is a reference topic.</p><p>The
headers change this by specifying a new title. In the second column,
the topicref specifies a title of "Messages", which should now be
used together with the link to anything in that column. So, a generated
link from debug_login.dita to login_error1.dita should be rendered
together with the title of "Messages". How this is rendered together
with the link is up to the application.</p></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="relcolspec_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000008125?>
