<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="reltable" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>reltable</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>reltable</keyword>&gt; element is a relationship
table that specifies relationships between topics, based on the familiar
table model of rows (&lt;<keyword>relrow</keyword>&gt;), columns (&lt;<keyword>relheader</keyword>&gt;),
and cells (&lt;<keyword>relcell</keyword>&gt;).</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>reltable</indexterm><indexterm>Map elements<indexterm>reltable</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>A frequently-used type of relationship table
establishes relationships between task, concept, and reference topics.
Each column in a relationship table typically represents a specific
role in a set of relationships; for example, the first column often
contains references to tasks, while the second and third columns often
reference concept and reference topics. The relationship table rows
define relationships between the resources referenced in different
cells of the same row; in this example, each row establishes relationships
between tasks and the concept and reference topics that support the
tasks. When used in this manner, relationship tables make it easy
to determine where related information is missing or undefined.</p><?Pub
Caret 628?><p>By default, the contents of a &lt;<keyword>reltable</keyword>>
element are not output for navigation or TOC purposes; they are used
only to define relationships that can be expressed as topic-to-topic
links. The &lt;<keyword>relcell</keyword>> elements can contain &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>>
elements, which are then related to other &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>>
elements in the same row (although not necessarily in the same cell).</p><p>Relationship
tables can be used in conjunction with hierarchies and groups to manage
all the related links in an information set.</p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-reltable/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="reltable-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-reltable/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="reltable-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
map/reltable </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>In this example, a
relationship table is defined with three columns; one for "concept",
one for "task", and one for "reference". Three cells are defined within
one row. The first cell contains one concept topic: batsonar.dita.
The second cell contains two task topics: batcaring.dita and batfeeding.dita.
The third cell contains two reference topics: batguano.dita and bathistory.dita.</p><codeblock>&lt;map&gt;
  &lt;reltable&gt;
    &lt;relheader&gt;
      &lt;relcolspec type="concept"/&gt;
      &lt;relcolspec type="task"/&gt;
      &lt;relcolspec type="reference"/&gt;
    &lt;/relheader&gt;
    &lt;relrow&gt;
      &lt;relcell&gt;
        &lt;topicref href="batsonar.dita"/&gt;
      &lt;/relcell&gt;
      &lt;relcell&gt;
        &lt;topicref href="batcaring.dita"/&gt;
        &lt;topicref href="batfeeding.dita"/&gt;
      &lt;/relcell&gt;
      &lt;relcell&gt;
        &lt;topicref href="batguano.dita"/&gt;
        &lt;topicref href="bathistory.dita"/&gt;
      &lt;/relcell&gt;
    &lt;/relrow&gt;
  &lt;/reltable&gt;
&lt;/map&gt;</codeblock><p>A DITA-aware tool may represent the &lt;reltable>
element graphically:</p><simpletable>
<sthead>
<stentry>type="concept"</stentry>
<stentry>type="task"</stentry>
<stentry>type="reference"</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry>batsonar.dita</stentry>
<stentry><lines>batcaring.dita
batfeeding.dita</lines></stentry>
<stentry><lines>batguano.dita
bathistory.dita</lines></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable><p>On output, links should be added to topics that are
in the same row, but not in the same cell. This allows simple maintenance
of parallel relationships: for example, in this case, batcaring.dita
and batfeeding.dita are two tasks that require the same supporting
information (concept and reference topics) but might otherwise be
unrelated. When topics in the same cell are in fact related, the cell's
collection-type attribute can be set to family. If some cells or columns
are intended solely as supporting information and should not link
back to topics in other cells, you can set the linking attribute on
the cell or relcolspec to targetonly.</p><p>In this example, the related
links would be as follows:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>batsonar.dita</dt>
<dd>batcaring.dita, batfeeding.dita, batguano.dita, bathistory.dita</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>batcaring.dita</dt>
<dd>batsonar.dita, batguano.dita, bathistory.dita</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>batfeeding.dita</dt>
<dd>batsonar.dita, batguano.dita, bathistory.dita</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>batguano.dita</dt>
<dd>batsonar.dita, batcaring.dita, batfeeding.dita</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt> bathistory.dita</dt>
<dd>batsonar.dita, batcaring.dita, batfeeding.dita</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p><p>Although such tables may initially take some
time to learn and manipulate, they are inherently an efficient way
to manage these links. In particular, they increase the prospect for
reuse among topics, because those topics do not contain context-specific
links. A relationship table also makes it easy to see and manage patterns;
for example, the fact that batfeeding.dita and batcaring.dita have
the same relationships to supporting information is clear from the
table, but would require some comparison and counting to determine
from the list summary just before this paragraph.</p></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="reltable_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/title">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow
conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts-no-toc">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000007475?>
