<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="searchtitle" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>searchtitle</title>
<shortdesc><ph>The &lt;searchtitle> element is used to
specify a title that should be displayed by search tools that locate
the topic. This is most useful when the topic has a title that makes
sense in the context of a single information set, but may be too general
in a list of search results; for example, a topic title of "Markup
example" may make sense as part of a guide to DITA, but when found
among thousands of unrelated topics, a search title of "DITA markup
example" is more useful.</ph><!--RDA: Based on comments in Review 3 of DITA 1.2, 
replaced the following shortdesc with the one above:
When your DITA topic is transformed to XHTML, the &lt;<keyword>searchtitle</keyword>&gt;element
is used to create a title element at the top of the resulting
HTML file. This title is normally used in search result summaries
by some search engines, such as that in Eclipse (<ph><xref format="html"
href="http://eclipse.org" scope="external">http://eclipse.org</xref></ph>);
if not set, the XHTML's title element defaults to the source topic's
title content (which may not be as well optimized for search summaries)--></shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>searchtitle</indexterm><indexterm>Topic elements<indexterm>searchtitle</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>When a topic is rendered as XHTML, the contents of the &lt;searchtitle&gt;
will typically appear in the XHTML&apos;s title element, which used
in the result summary for many search engines. This element may not
be supported for output formats that do not support distinct search
titles for topics.</section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-searchtitle/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="searchtitle-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-searchtitle/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref
keyref="searchtitle-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>"-
topic/searchtitle " when used in topics, and "- map/searchtitle "
when used in maps.</p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>In the
following example, the general title "Programming Example" is likely
very useful in a set of information about XSLT basics; however, the
same title is not helpful among a set of search results from the entire
internet. In that case, "Example of basic programming in XSLT" will
be much more helpful.</p><codeblock>&lt;task id="progexample"&gt;
 &lt;title&gt;Programming Example&lt;/title&gt;
  &lt;titlealts&gt;&lt;searchtitle&gt;Example of basic
             programming in XSLT&lt;/searchtitle&gt;&lt;/titlealts&gt;
 &lt;taskbody&gt; . . . &lt;/taskbody&gt;
&lt;/task&gt;</codeblock><p>When searchtitle is used in
maps, the element provides a new search title for the topic when used
in a specific context. For example, the if the following map includes
information about programming in many languages, searches among that
information set will be most useful when they return "Example of programming
in XSLT":<codeblock>&lt;topicref href="progexample.dita">
  &lt;topicmeta>
    &lt;navtitle>Programming example&lt;/navtitle>
    &lt;searchtitle>Example of programming in XSLT&lt;/searchtitle>
  &lt;/topicmeta>
&lt;/topicref></codeblock></p><?Pub Caret 9?></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="searchtitle_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004895?>
