<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="sectiondiv" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>sectiondiv</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>sectiondiv</keyword>> element allows logical
grouping of content within a <keyword>section</keyword>. There is
no additional meaning associated with the <keyword>sectiondiv</keyword> element,
aside from its function as a container for other content. The <keyword>sectiondiv</keyword> element
does not contain a title; the lowest level of titled content within
a topic is the section itself. If additional hierarchy is required,
nested topics should be used in place of the section.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>sectiondiv</indexterm><indexterm>Topic elements<indexterm>sectiondiv</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>The <keyword>sectiondiv</keyword> element nests itself, which
means that it will often be used by specializers to create structured
information within sections. Another common use case for the sectiondiv
element is to group a sequence of related elements for reuse, so that
another topic may reference the entire set with a single conref attribute.</section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-sectiondiv/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="sectiondiv-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-sectiondiv/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="sectiondiv-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/sectiondiv </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>In the example below,
the sectiondiv element is used to group content that may be reused
in other situations.</p><codeblock>&lt;section>
  &lt;title>Nice pets&lt;/title>
  &lt;sectiondiv id="smallpets">
    &lt;p>Cats are nice.&lt;/p>
    &lt;p>Dogs are nice.&lt;/p>
    &lt;p>Friends of mine really love their hedgehogs.&lt;/p>
  &lt;/sectiondiv>
  &lt;sectiondiv id="biggerpets">
    &lt;p>Lots of people want ponies when they grow up.&lt;/p>
    &lt;p>Llamas are also popular.&lt;/p>
  &lt;/sectiondiv>
&lt;/section></codeblock><?Pub Caret 168?></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="sectiondiv_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003616?>
