<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="shortdesc" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>shortdesc</title>
<shortdesc>The short description (&lt;<keyword>shortdesc</keyword>&gt;)
element occurs between the topic title and the topic body, as the
initial paragraph-like content of a topic, or it can be embedded in
an abstract element. The short description, which represents the purpose
or theme of the topic, is also intended to be used as a link preview
and for searching. <ph>The &lt;shortdesc> element also
can be used in a DITA map.</ph></shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>shortdesc</indexterm><indexterm>Topic elements<indexterm>shortdesc</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>Map elements<indexterm>shortdesc</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>short description</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>Use the &lt;shortdesc&gt; element when the first paragraph
of topic content is simple enough to be suitable for use as a link
preview or for summaries. Otherwise use the &lt;abstract&gt; element
to provide richer content around the &lt;shortdesc&gt;. See the <xref
href="abstract.dita"></xref> description for more details on the behavior
of &lt;shortdesc> in an abstract.</p><p>While inclusion of the &lt;shortdesc&gt;
element is not mandated by DITA or the tools, it is recommended that
topics contain this element. In cases where a topic contains only
one paragraph, then it is preferable to include this text in the &lt;shortdesc&gt;
and leave the topic body empty. </p> <p
conref="../common/task_shortdesc.dita#task_shortdesc/tlength"></p><table
colsep="0" frame="topbot" rowheader="firstcol">
<tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="44*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="153*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry colname="col1" valign="top">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col2" valign="top">Recommended content</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Task</entry>
<entry colname="col2">                 <p
conref="../common/task_shortdesc.dita#task_shortdesc/twhattosay"></p> 
               <p
conref="../common/task_shortdesc.dita#task_shortdesc/tphrasing"></p> 
             </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Concept</entry>
<entry colname="col2">                 <p
conref="../common/concept_shortdesc.dita#concept_shortdesc/cwhattosay"></p> 
               <p
conref="../common/concept_shortdesc.dita#concept_shortdesc/cphrasing"></p> 
             </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Reference</entry>
<entry colname="col2">                 <p
conref="../common/ref_shortdesc.dita#ref_shortdesc/rwhattosay"></p> 
               <p
conref="../common/ref_shortdesc.dita#ref_shortdesc/rphrasing"></p> 
             </entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></section>
<section><title>Short descriptions in maps</title><p>The &lt;shortdesc>
element is also available in maps within the &lt;topicmeta> element.
In a map, the element specifies that a topic has a short description
that is specific to the context of that topicref in that map. When
constructing link previews, links that are generated according to
the context of the map should use the &lt;shortdesc> content provided
in the map rather than the &lt;shortdesc> provided in the topic. The
&lt;shortdesc> element in the map allows authors to provide short
descriptions for references to non-DITA objects.</p><?Pub Caret 346?><p>The content of the &lt;shortdesc> element also can be
used to override the short description of the topic, when the copy-to
attribute is specified.<note>Processors may or may not
implement this behavior.</note></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-shortdesc/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="shortdesc-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-shortdesc/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="shortdesc-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>"-
topic/shortdesc " when used in topics, and "- map/shortdesc " when
used in maps.</p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Examples</title><p>The following
example demonstrates the use of a stand-alone shortdesc inside of
a concept topic.</p><codeblock conref="concept.dita#concept/example-code"></codeblock></example>
<example><title>Example: short description within a map</title><codeblock>&lt;topicref href="myThing.dita">
  &lt;topicmeta>
    &lt;navtitle>Navigation title for my topic&lt;/navtitle>
    &lt;shortdesc>A description of myThing that is specific to this context.&lt;/shortdesc>
  &lt;/topicmeta>
&lt;/topicref>
&lt;topicref href="http://www.example.org" scope="external">
  &lt;topicmeta>
    &lt;navtitle>Example website&lt;/navtitle>
    &lt;shortdesc>The example.org address is often used in examples&lt;/shortdesc>
  &lt;/topicmeta>
&lt;/topicref></codeblock></example>
<example conref="abstract.dita#abstract/example"></example>
<example conref="abstract.dita#abstract/example2"></example>
<example conref="abstract.dita#abstract/example3"></example>
<section id="attributes">       <title>Attributes</title>       <simpletable
id="shortdesc_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable>     </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000006557?>
