<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="simpletable" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>simpletable</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>simpletable</keyword>&gt; element is used
for tables that are regular in structure and do not need a caption.
Choose the simple table element when you want to show information
in regular rows and columns. For example, multi-column tabular data
such as phone directory listings or parts lists are good candidates
for simpletable. Another good use of simpletable is for information
that seems to beg for a three-part definition list; the keycol attribute
may be used to indicate which column represents the "key" or term-like
column of your structure.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>simpletable</indexterm><indexterm>Table elements<indexterm>simpletable</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>This close match of simpletable to tabular, regular data
makes simpletable suitable as the basis for specialized structures
such as <xref keyref="properties">properties</xref> (for programming
information) and <xref keyref="choicetable">choice tables</xref> (for
tasks).</p></section>
<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-simpletable/contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="simpletable-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-simpletable/containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained
By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="simpletable-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/simpletable </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Source: </dt>
<dd><codeblock>&lt;simpletable&gt;
 &lt;sthead&gt;
  &lt;stentry&gt;Type style&lt;/stentry&gt;
  &lt;stentry&gt;Elements used&lt;/stentry&gt;
 &lt;/sthead&gt;
 &lt;strow&gt;
  &lt;stentry&gt;Bold&lt;/stentry&gt;
  &lt;stentry&gt;b&lt;/stentry&gt;
 &lt;/strow&gt;
 &lt;strow&gt;
  &lt;stentry&gt;Italic&lt;/stentry&gt;
  &lt;stentry&gt;i&lt;/stentry&gt;
 &lt;/strow&gt;
 &lt;strow&gt;
  &lt;stentry&gt;Underlined&lt;/stentry&gt;
  &lt;stentry&gt;u&lt;/stentry&gt;
 &lt;/strow&gt;
&lt;/simpletable&gt;</codeblock></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Formatted output:</dt>
<dd><simpletable relcolwidth="2* 2*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Type style</stentry>
<stentry>Elements used</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry>Bold</stentry>
<stentry>b</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry>Italic</stentry>
<stentry>i</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry>Underlined</stentry>
<stentry>u</stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></dd>
</dlentry></dl></example>
<example id="example2"><title>Example using<?Pub Caret?> keycol</title><p>In
this sample, the first column is identified as a header column through
the use of keycol="1" on the &lt;simpletable> element. This indicates
that items in the first column should be treated as headers for the
row that follows. Rendering of the header column is left up to the
implementation.</p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Source:</dt>
<dd><codeblock>&lt;simpletable keycol="1">
 &lt;sthead>
  &lt;stentry>Term&lt;/stentry>
  &lt;stentry>Categorization&lt;/stentry>
  &lt;stentry>Definition&lt;/stentry>
 &lt;/sthead>
 &lt;strow>
  &lt;stentry>Widget&lt;/stentry>
  &lt;stentry>noun&lt;/stentry>
  &lt;stentry>Thing that is used for something&lt;/stentry>
 &lt;/strow>
 &lt;strow>
  &lt;stentry>Frustration&lt;/stentry>
  &lt;stentry>noun&lt;/stentry>
  &lt;stentry>What you feel when you drop the widget&lt;/stentry>
 &lt;/strow>
&lt;/simpletable></codeblock></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Formatted output:</dt>
<dd><simpletable keycol="1">
<sthead>
<stentry>Term</stentry>
<stentry>Categorization</stentry>
<stentry>Definition</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry>Widget</stentry>
<stentry>noun</stentry>
<stentry>Thing that is used for something</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry>Frustration</stentry>
<stentry>noun</stentry>
<stentry>What you feel when you drop the widget</stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></dd>
</dlentry></dl></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="simpletable_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/relcolwidth">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/keycol">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/refcols">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/spectitle">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/display-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
