<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="stepresult" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>stepresult</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>stepresult</keyword>&gt; element provides
information on the expected outcome of a step. If a user interface
is being documented, the outcome could describe a dialog box opening
or the appearance of a progress indicator. Step results are useful
to assure a user that they are on track, but should not be used for
every step as this quickly becomes tedious.</shortdesc><?Pub Caret 317?>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>stepresult</indexterm><indexterm>Task elements<indexterm>stepresult</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-stepresult/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="stepresult-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-stepresult/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="stepresult-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/itemgroup task/stepresult </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><pre xml:space="preserve">&lt;steps&gt;
 &lt;step&gt;
  &lt;cmd importance="urgent"&gt;Once you have the water place it in the microwave.&lt;/cmd&gt;
  &lt;info&gt;Try not to spill any, as water is very wet.&lt;/info&gt;
 &lt;/step&gt;
 &lt;step importance="required"&gt;
  &lt;cmd&gt;Start the Microwave.&lt;/cmd&gt;
  &lt;stepxmp&gt;As an example, push the &lt;b&gt;Start&lt;/b&gt; button&lt;/stepxmp&gt;
  <b>&lt;stepresult&gt;</b>The Microwave starts running. You should hear it humming.<b>&lt;/stepresult&gt;</b>
 &lt;/step&gt;
 &lt;step importance="optional"&gt;
  &lt;cmd&gt;Once the water begins to boil, stop the Microwave.&lt;/cmd&gt;
 &lt;/step&gt;
&lt;/steps&gt;
</pre></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="stepresult_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003274?>
