<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="taskbody" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>taskbody</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>taskbody</keyword>&gt; element is the
main body-level element inside a task topic. A task body is designed
to contain information specific to completing a task, such as prerequisites,
contextual information, and steps. <ph>DITA 1.2 introduces
a much looser &lt;taskbody> content model in order to allow for more
variations in the structure of a task. A constraint module is also
provided in order to maintain compatibility with the previous strict
model; this constraint is used in the default task distributed by
OASIS.</ph><!--<ph>With DITA 1.2, the content model of taskbody is looser
to accommodate additional task structures. OASIS provides a DITA constraint
that mimics the previous tight content model so that users continue
to have easy access to the strict model.</ph>--></shortdesc><?Pub
Caret 508?>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>taskbody</indexterm><indexterm>Task elements<indexterm>taskbody</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section id="constrained-task-note"><note
id="constrained-taskbody-xpl">Beginning with DITA 1.2, there are two
task models available in the DTD and Schema packages distributed by
OASIS. One model, referred to as the general task, allows two additional
elements inside the task body (&lt;section> and &lt;steps-informal>);
it also allows multiple instances and orders for each element within &lt;taskbody>.
The second model, referred to as the strict task, maintains the order
and cardinality of the DITA 1.0 and 1.1 taskbody. This strict task
is implemented in the DTD and Schema with a constraint module.</note><p>Authors
that use the default task DTD or Schema provided by OASIS will continue
to see the strict task model when upgrading to DITA 1.2. Authors wishing
to use the general task model will need to migrate their DITA 1.1
documents to reference the general task DTD or Schema.</p><p>DITA
document type shells that include the task module as-is, or that specialize
the &lt;task> element without specializing &lt;taskbody>, will also
need to include the strict taskbody constraint module in order to
maintain the order and cardinality of prior DITA versions.</p><p>Task
specializations that specialize the &lt;taskbody> element will not
be affected by the new model, although they may be updated as needed
to take advantage of the new elements.</p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-taskbody/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="taskbody-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-taskbody/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="taskbody-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/body task/taskbody </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title>See <xref href="task.dita"></xref>.</example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="taskbody_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/base">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/id-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow
conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/localization-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004781?>
