<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="text" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>text</title>
<shortdesc>The text element associates no semantics with its content.
It exists to serve as a container for text where a container is needed
(e.g., for conref, or for restricted content models in specializations).
Unlike ph, text cannot contain images. Unlike keyword, text does not
imply keyword-like semantics. The text element contains only text
data, or nested text elements. All universal attributes are available
on text.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>text element</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>For contexts where ph is available, authors should use that
element. Where keyword is available, authors should use that element.
Where neither ph nor keyword is available, text can be used to pull
content by conref.</section>
<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-text/contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="text-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-text/containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained
By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="text-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
topic/text </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><pre>&lt;p>This an example of &lt;keyword>&lt;text id="reuse">Text
   that is reusable&lt;/text>&lt;/keyword>, with no extra 
   semantics attached to the text when it is reused.&lt;/p></pre></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="attribute_table" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*"><?Pub Caret?>
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classonly">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
