<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="topicgroup" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>topicgroup</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>topicgroup</keyword>&gt; element groups &lt;topicref>
elements for common treatment without affecting the structural hierarchy
of the map, as opposed to nesting &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;
elements, which does imply a structural hierarchy. The &lt;topicgroup>
element can provide linking relationships and shared, inherited attributes
to the set of elements that it contains without affecting the resulting
table of contents or navigation.</shortdesc><?Pub Caret 0?>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>topicgroup</indexterm><indexterm>Mapgroup elements<indexterm>topicgroup</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>Beginning with DITA 1.2, you are able to specify
a &lt;navtitle> element within the &lt;topicmeta> element inside of
a &lt;topicgroup>. The &lt;topicgroup> element is meant as a non-titled
grouping element, so adding a &lt;navtitle> element to the &lt;topicgroup>
element has no defined purpose, and processors must ignore the title.
Processors may (but need not) issue a message when ignoring the title.</section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-topicgroup/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="topicgroup-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-topicgroup/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="topicgroup-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>+
map/topicref mapgroup-d/topicgroup </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>Each &lt;topicref>
element in the following example inherits the audience and linking
attributes. In this way the common attributes are set for the entire
group of &lt;topicref> elements without affecting the navigation hierarchy.</p><codeblock
xml:space="preserve">&lt;topicgroup audience="novice" linking="none"&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="this.dita"/&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="that.dita"/&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="theother.dita"/&gt;
&lt;/topicgroup&gt;</codeblock></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="topicgroup_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003771?>
