<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="topicSubjectTable" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>topicSubjectTable</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>topicSubjectTable</keyword>> element is
a specialized relationship table which allows a map to use relationship
tables to associate topics with subjects. Tools (such as search tools)
may use these classifications to retrieve content that is relative
to a specific subject or combination of subjects.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>topicSubjectTable</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>In a &lt;topicSubjectTable>, the first column is reserved
for references to content. Subsequent columns are reserved for subjects
that classify the content, each column supplying the subjects for
a different category as identified in the header. The table resembles
a traditional relationship table in which the first column identifies
the source and the other columns identify the targets, but the relationship
reflects the subjects covered by the content rather than linking between
documents. </p><note>In a traditional reltable, topics in any given
column establish relationships with topics in every other cell of
the same row. In a &lt;topicSubjectTable>, topics in the first column
are related to all of the subjects in the row, but no relationship
is implied between subjects in different columns of the same row.
Instead, relationships are defined between subjects using a subject
scheme map (which provides a &lt;subjectRelTable> element for non-hierarchical
relationships between subjects).</note></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-topicSubjectTable/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="topicSubjectTable-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-topicSubjectTable/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref
keyref="topicSubjectTable-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>+
map/reltable classify-d/topicSubjectTable </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>The topic subject table
below classifies topics with goals for retrieval and with operating
systems for filtering. The map makes use of definitions in a subject
scheme map, defined separately.</p><fig><title>Subject scheme map</title>
<codeblock>&lt;subjectScheme>
    &lt;hasKind>
        &lt;subjectdef href="goalType.dita" keys="goal">
            &lt;subjectdef href="performanceGoal.dita" keys="performance"/>
            &lt;subjectdef href="reliabilityGoal.dita" keys="reliability"/>
        &lt;/subjectdef>
        &lt;subjectdef href="operatingSystem.dita" keys="os">
            &lt;subjectdef href="linuxOS.dita" keys="linux"/>
            &lt;subjectdef href="unixOS.dita" keys="unix"/>
            &lt;subjectdef href="windowsOS.dita" keys="windows"/>
        &lt;/subjectdef>
    &lt;/hasKind>
&lt;/subjectScheme></codeblock>
</fig><fig><title>Topic subject table</title>
<p>The following &lt;topicSubjectTable> classifies several topics
according to subjects in the previous map. As with any &lt;topicSubjectTable>,
the first column is used to specify topics. In this specific example,
the second column is used to specify a goal, based on the "goal" subject
in the header. The third column is used to specify an operating system.
Based on those definitions, the following classifications are made
by this table:<ul>
<li>The topics "Configuring cron for efficient startup" and "Allocating
raw storage" are each classified by the goal of "performance"; in
addition, they are classified by the operating systems "linux" and
"unix.</li>
<li>The topics "Analyzing web logs for service issues" and "Detecting
denial-of-service attacks" are each classified by the goal of "reliability";
in addition, they are classified by the operating systems "linux",
"unix", and "windows".</li>
<li>No relationship is defined between subjects in the table, meaning
that this table does not define any relationship between the goal
of "performance" and the operating systems "linux" or "unix".</li>
</ul></p>
<codeblock>&lt;map>
...
&lt;topicSubjectTable>
  &lt;topicSubjectHeader>
    &lt;topicCell type="task"/>
    &lt;subjectCell>
      &lt;topicsubject keyref="goal"/>
    &lt;/subjectCell>
    &lt;subjectCell>
      &lt;topicapply keyref="os"/>
    &lt;/subjectCell>
  &lt;/topicSubjectHeader>
  &lt;topicSubjectRow>
    &lt;topicCell>
      &lt;topicref href="webServerStart.dita" navtitle="Configuring cron for efficient startup"/>
      &lt;topicref href="dbDisk.dita" navtitle="Allocating raw storage"/>
    &lt;/topicCell>
    &lt;subjectCell>
      &lt;topicsubject keyref="performance"/>
    &lt;/subjectCell>
    &lt;subjectCell>
      &lt;topicapply keyref="linux"/>
      &lt;topicapply keyref="unix"/>
    &lt;/subjectCell>
  &lt;/topicSubjectRow>
  &lt;topicSubjectRow>
    &lt;topicCell>
      &lt;topicref href="webLogAnalyze.dita" navtitle="Analyzing web logs for service issues"/>
      &lt;topicref href="webDenialService.dita" navtitle="Detecting denial-of-service attacks"/>
    &lt;/topicCell>
    &lt;subjectCell>
      &lt;topicsubject keyref="reliability"/>
    &lt;/subjectCell>
    &lt;subjectCell>
      &lt;topicapply keyref="linux"/>
      &lt;topicapply keyref="unix"/>
      &lt;topicapply keyref="windows"/>
    &lt;/subjectCell>
  &lt;/topicSubjectRow>
  ...
&lt;/topicSubjectTable>
&lt;/map></codeblock>
<p>A table view of this &lt;topicSubjectTable> might look as follows.
This is only one of many possible views; to aid in understanding the
example, the content topics in the first column are displayed using
only their titles, and related subjects are displayed using only their
keyref attribute value.</p>
<simpletable>
<sthead>
<stentry><i>task</i></stentry>
<stentry><i>goal</i></stentry>
<stentry><i>os</i></stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry><lines>Configuring cron for efficient startup

Allocating raw storage</lines></stentry>
<stentry><lines>performance</lines></stentry>
<stentry><lines>linux
unix</lines></stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry><lines>Analyzing web logs for service issues

Detecting denial-of-service attacks</lines></stentry>
<stentry><lines>reliability</lines></stentry>
<stentry><lines>linux
unix
windows</lines></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable>
</fig></example><?Pub Caret -1?>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="reltable_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow
conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts-no-toc">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classonly">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000007973?>
