<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="topichead" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>topichead</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>topichead</keyword>&gt; element
provides a title-only entry in a navigation map, which should appear
as a heading when the map is rendered as a table of contents. In print
contexts it should also appear as a heading in the rendered content.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Mapgroup elements<indexterm>topichead</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>topichead</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>Beginning with DITA 1.2, the navtitle can be specified
by using a &lt;navtitle> element within the &lt;topicmeta> element,
so the &lt;topichead> element no longer requires the navtitle attribute.
In order to ensure backward compatibility with earlier versions of
DITA, the new &lt;navtitle> element is not required. However, a &lt;topichead>
element must contain either a navtitle attribute or a &lt;topicmeta>
element that contains a &lt;navtitle> element. DITA processors should
generate a warning if a navigation title is not specified.</section><?Pub
Caret 214?>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-topichead/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="topichead-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-topichead/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="topichead-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>+
map/topicref mapgroup-d/topichead </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title><p>Note that
in the following example, the first &lt;topichead> element uses a &lt;navtitle>
element to provide the title, while the second &lt;topichead> element
uses a navtitle attribute. This is only to illustrate that both uses
are valid; in general, the element is preferred over the attribute.</p><codeblock>&lt;map>
  <b>&lt;topichead></b>
    <b>&lt;topicmeta>&lt;navtitle>Computers&lt;/navtitle>&lt;/topicmeta></b>
    &lt;topicref href="eniac.dita"/>
    &lt;topicref href="system360.dita"/>
    &lt;topicref href="pdp8.dita"/>
  <b>&lt;/topichead></b>
  <b>&lt;topichead navtitle="Books"></b>
    &lt;topicref href="hardback.dita"/>
    &lt;topicref href="paperback.dita"/>
  <b>&lt;/topichead></b>
&lt;/map></codeblock></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="topichead_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/navtitle">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/copy-to" rev="public-review-1">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004151?>
