<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="topicmeta" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>topicmeta</title>
  <shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>topicmeta</keyword>&gt; element defines the metadata that applies to a
    topic when it appears in a map. When appropriate, that metadata also applies to the other topics
    in the map that are contained by the same element that contains the &lt;topicmeta&gt; element.
    When creating links, &lt;topicmeta> content can also be used to override the title and short
    description that are used for the link. In addition, it can be used to add index entries to
    referenced content using the &lt;<keyword>keywords</keyword>&gt; element.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><indexterm>topicmeta</indexterm><indexterm>Map elements<indexterm
            >topicmeta</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>metadata</indexterm></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody><section>The metadata given in a &lt;topicmeta> element is specific to a given
      context within a map. If a reference to a single resource appears more than once in a map or
      set of maps, unique metadata may be specified in each instance. For example, the two
      references to a single resource may specify different navigation titles or search titles, each
      of which is specific to a single context.<note>The topic <xref
          href="../archSpec/cascading-in-a-ditamap.dita" format="dita">Cascading of attributes and
          metadata in a DITA map</xref> in the DITA Architectural Specification provides more
        information about which metadata elements inside &lt;topicmeta> cascade to other
        &lt;topicref> elements. In addition, the topic <xref
          href="../archSpec/reconciling-topic-and-map-metadata.dita" format="dita">Reconciling topic
          and map metadata</xref> provides more information about how metadata specified in the map
        interacts with metadata specified in each topic.</note></section><section
      conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-topicmeta/contains" id="contains"
      otherprops="contains">
      <title>Contains</title>
      <p>The content model of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content model
        information is located here: <xref keyref="topicmeta-contains"/></p>
    </section><section
      conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-topicmeta/containedby"
      id="containedby" otherprops="containedby">
      <title>Contained By</title>
      <p>The parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content model information
        is located here: <xref keyref="topicmeta-contained-by"/></p>
    </section><section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance">
      <title>Inheritance</title>
      <p>- map/topicmeta </p>
    </section>
    <example id="example"><title>Example</title>In this example, the metadata defined by the
      &lt;topicmeta> element applies to the associated &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;
        (<filepath>bats.dita</filepath>) and all of its children. The &lt;<keyword
        >topicmeta</keyword>&gt; element contains an audience definition which indicates that
        <filepath>bats.dita</filepath> and its children are of interest to experienced programmers
      who are troubleshooting.
      <codeblock xml:space="preserve">&lt;map&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="bats.dita"&gt;
    <b>&lt;topicmeta&gt;</b>
      &lt;audience type="programmer" job="troubleshooting" experiencelevel="expert"/&gt;
    <b>&lt;/topicmeta&gt;</b>
    &lt;topicref href="batcaring.dita"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
    &lt;topicref href="batfeeding.dita"&gt;&lt;/topciref&gt;
  &lt;/topicref&gt;
&lt;/map&gt;</codeblock><?Pub Caret 0?></example>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <simpletable id="topicmeta_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Name</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>Data Type</stentry>
          <stentry>Default Value</stentry>
          <stentry>Required?</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/lockmeta">
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classonly">
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section></refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004584?>
