<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="topicref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>topicref</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt; element identifies
a topic (such as a concept, task, or reference) or other resource.
A &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt; can contain other &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;
elements, allowing you to express navigation or table-of-contents
hierarchies, as well as implying relationships between a containing
(parent) &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt; and its children. You
can set the collection-type of a parent &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;
to determine how its children are related to each other. You can also
express relationships among &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt; elements
by using group and table structures (&lt;<keyword>topicgroup</keyword>&gt;
and &lt;<keyword>reltable</keyword>&gt;). Relationships are expressed
as links in the output; by default, each participant in a relationship
has links to the other participants in that relationship. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>topicref</indexterm><indexterm>Map elements<indexterm>topicref</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>You can fine tune the output from your map by setting
different attributes on the &lt;topicref> element. For example, the <keyword>linking</keyword> attribute
controls how a topic&apos;s relationships to other topics are expressed
as links, and the <keyword>toc</keyword> attribute controls whether
the topic shows up in TOC or navigation output.</p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-topicref/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="topicref-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-topicref/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained By</title><p>The
parents of this element may differ based on where it is used. Content
model information is located here: <xref keyref="topicref-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>-
map/topicref </p></section>
<example id="example"><title>Example</title>In this example, there
are six &lt;topicref> elements. They are nested and have a hierarchical
relationship. Bats.dita is the parent topic and the other topics are
its children.<codeblock xml:space="preserve">&lt;map title="Bats"&gt;
 &lt;topicref href="bats.dita" type="topic"&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batcaring.dita" type="task"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batfeeding.dita" type="task"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batsonar.dita" type="concept"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batguano.dita" type="reference"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="bathistory.dita" type="reference"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
 &lt;/topicref&gt;
&lt;/map&gt;</codeblock></example><?Pub Caret 59?>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="attribute_table" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/navtitle">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/href-topicref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/keys">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/keyref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/query">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/copy-to">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005388?>
