<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="topicSubjectHeader" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>topicSubjectHeader</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>topicSubjectHeader</keyword>> element
specifies constraints on the subjects used in classifications.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>topicSubjectHeader</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>You use the &lt;topicSubjectHeader><?Pub Caret?> element
to supply a header row for a topic classification table when you want
to encourage classification with subjects from different categories
(also known as a facet classification). Each cell in the header row
identifies the subject for a different category. The subjects in the
same column within the classification rows must appear in the category
in the subject scheme. For instance, if the cell within the header
row specifies the Operating System category, the subjects in the column
must be kinds of operating systems.</section>
<section id="contains" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-topicSubjectHeader/contains" otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p>The
content model of this element may differ based on where it is used.
Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="topicSubjectHeader-contains"></xref></p></section>
<section id="containedby" conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-topicSubjectHeader/containedby" otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained
By</title><p>The parents of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model information is located here: <xref
keyref="topicSubjectHeader-contained-by"></xref></p></section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance"><title>Inheritance</title><p>+
map/relrow classify-d/topicSubjectHeader </p></section>
<example conref="topicSubjectTable.dita#topicSubjectTable/example"
id="example"></example>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><simpletable
id="relrow_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classonly">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
