<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="xref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>xref</title>
<shortdesc>Use the cross-reference (&lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>&gt;)
element to link to a     different location within the current topic,
or a different topic within the same help system,     or to external
sources, such as Web pages, or to a location in another topic. The
target of the     cross-reference is specified using the <i><keyword>href</keyword></i> or <i><keyword>keyref</keyword></i> attributes.</shortdesc><?Pub
Caret 26?>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>xref (cross-reference)</indexterm><indexterm>cross-reference
          (xref)</indexterm><indexterm>Body elements<indexterm>xref
(cross           reference)</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>       <p>Typically, it is best to restrict yourself to linking
to reference topics where the content         of the target is clear
from the &lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>&gt;'s text, for example API 
       names and their descriptions. With other information types,
it may be less clear to the user         whether they should follow
the link, and often they will, thereby missing important         information
in following paragraphs. Therefore, it is a good idea to use links
at the end of         the topic, in the &lt;<xref
href="related-links.dita">related-links</xref>&gt; element, wherever
possible, rather than         linking from within body content using &lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>&gt;.
Links at the end of         a topic can also be managed from outside
the topic, using DITA maps. The DITA map method         allows allows
topics to be quickly integrated into new contexts without breaking
links.</p>       <p>Cross references that link to elements in other
topics should use key-based addressing (<i><keyword>keyref</keyword></i>)
in order to make it possible to have the cross-reference         point
to different topics in the context of different top-level maps. Cross
references that         use only direct URI-based addressing (<i><keyword>href</keyword></i>)
to point to other         topics create dependencies such that if
the topic with the cross-reference is included in a         given
map, the target topic must also be included or the cross-reference
will not be         resolvable in the context of that map. While you
can use conditional processing to have         different cross-references
for different contexts, it is usually easier and more effective  
      to use keys. By using keys, the cross-reference can be independent
of the contexts it might         used in because it is up to each
different map to bind the key used by the cross-reference        
to the appropriate target. </p>       <note>         <p>When creating
a cross-reference, link to the element structure, not the title element
of           the object. For example, to create a cross-reference
to a figure, link to the &lt;figure>           element, not the &lt;title>
element within the &lt;figure> element. Output processing        
  should determine whether the text of the object's title element
is used when rendering the           cross-reference.</p>       </note> 
   </section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-xref/contains"
id="contains" otherprops="contains">       <title>Contains</title> 
     <p>The content model of this element may differ based on where
it is used. Content model         information is located here: <xref
keyref="xref-contains"></xref></p>     </section>
<section
conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#contentmodel-xref/containedby"
id="containedby" otherprops="containedby">       <title>Contained
By</title>       <p>The parents of this element may differ based on
where it is used. Content model information         is located here: <xref
keyref="xref-contained-by"></xref></p>     </section>
<section id="inheritance" otherprops="inheritance">       <title>Inheritance</title> 
     <p>- topic/xref </p>     </section>
<example id="example">       <title>Examples</title>       <p>Here's
an example of a cross-reference to another topic; that topic's title
will be used as         the link text.</p>       <codeblock>&lt;p&gt;Background information about DITA is provided in the topic entitled
&lt;xref href="whatsdita.dita#tmmdita"&gt;&lt;/xref&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;</codeblock> 
     <p>Here's an example of a cross-reference to another topic; the
supplied text will be used as         the link text:</p>       <codeblock
xml:space="preserve">&lt;p&gt;&lt;xref href="whatsdita.dita#tmmdita"&gt;Background information about
DITA&lt;/xref&gt; is provided free of charge.&lt;/p&gt;</codeblock> 
     <p>If you are linking to an element inside of a topic, you should
use the following format in         the href attribute:         <codeblock
xml:space="preserve">filename.dita#topicid/elementid</codeblock></p> 
     <p>If you are linking within the same file, you can leave off
the "filename.dita" part. So,         for a section with the ID "mysection",
you should use:         <codeblock xml:space="preserve">#topicid/mysection  </codeblock></p> 
     <p>For a list item within that section, assuming the item has
an ID of "mylist", use         <codeblock>#topicid/mylist  </codeblock></p> 
     <draft-comment author="WEK">Add key-based addressing examples</draft-comment> 
     <p>See <xref href="../archSpec/ditaaddressing.dita"></xref> for
details on using URI references and key         references.</p>  
    <p>If your URL has an ampersand (&amp;) in it, you need to code
that using a entity reference.         For example, this URL includes
an &amp;         character:<codeblock>http://www.example.com/docview.wss?rs=757&amp;context=SSVNX5
</codeblock></p>       <p>When used in an href attribute, the ampersand
must be entered as <b>&amp;amp;</b> as shown         here:<codeblock>&lt;xref href="http://www.example.com/docview.wss?rs=757<b>&amp;amp;</b>context=SSVNX5"
scope="external"&gt;Part number SSVNX5&lt;/xref&gt;</codeblock></p> 
   </example>
<section id="attributes">       <title>Attributes</title>       <simpletable
id="attribute_table" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/href">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/type">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/format">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/scope">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classoutkey">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000007812?>
