<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="cascading-in-a-ditamap" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title><ph>Cascading of attributes and metadata in a DITA map</ph></title>
 <abstract>
  <shortdesc>Certain map-level attributes and metadata elements cascade throughout a map, which
   facilitates attribute and metadata management. When attributes or metadata elements
    <term>cascade</term>, they apply to the elements that are <ph>children</ph> of the
   element where the attributes or metadata were specified. Cascading applies to a containment
   hierarchy, as opposed to a element-type hierarchy.</shortdesc>
 </abstract>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <keywords>
    <indexterm>cascading, definition</indexterm>
   </keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>The following attributes and metadata elements cascade throughout the entire map:<ul>
    <li>Attributes set on the &lt;map> element</li>
    <li>Metadata elements that are contained in the &lt;topicmeta> element that is a child of the
     &lt;map> element</li>
   </ul>Attribute values and metadata elements in relationship tables can be applied to entire
   columns or rows as well as individual cells, a practice that is particularly useful for attribute
   and metadata management.</p>
  <section>
   <title>Attributes and metadata that cascade</title>
   <p>The following attributes and metadata elements <ph>cascade</ph>:<dl>
     <dlentry>
      <dt>Attributes</dt>
      <dd>
       <ul id="attrlist">
        <li>@audience, @platform, @product, @otherprops, @rev</li>
        <li>@props and any attribute specialized from @props</li>
        <li>@linking, @toc, @print, @search</li>
        <li>@format, @scope, @type</li>
        <li>@xml:lang, @dir, @translate</li>
        <li>@processing-role</li>
       </ul>
      </dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry id="elems">
      <dt>Metadata elements</dt>
      <dd>
       <ul>
        <li>author, source, publisher, copyright, critdates, permissions</li>
        <li>audience, category, prodinfo, othermeta</li>
       </ul>
      </dd>
     </dlentry>
    </dl></p>
   <p>Cascading is additive for attributes and metadata elements that accept multiple values. For
    attributes that take a single value, <ph>the closest value defined on a containing
     element</ph> takes effect. In a relationship table, row-level metadata is considered more
    specific than column-level metadata, as shown in the following containment hierarchy:<ul
     id="ul_eef359b5-be87-43ac-bd4b-63e59a57bc97">
     <li>&lt;map> (most general)<ul id="ul_6ed2888b-b77e-4bda-93bd-b5c3150a7ca1">
       <li>&lt;topicref> container (more specific)<ul id="ul_bd838f84-6717-4121-a475-04778eda8774">
         <li>&lt;topicref> (most specific)</li>
        </ul></li>
       <li>&lt;reltable> (more specific)<ul id="ul_c8519779-983b-47cb-bb57-9de727da5d75">
         <li>&lt;relcolspec> (more specific)<ul id="ul_b2469034-dcbf-48ff-bd8d-bef887e4220f">
           <li>&lt;relrow> (more specific)<ul id="ul_506fb64d-aa80-4068-a6eb-e50fe57871dd">
             <li>&lt;topicref> (most specific)</li>
            </ul></li>
          </ul></li>
        </ul></li>
      </ul></li>
    </ul><!--<draft-comment author="Kristen James Eberlein" time="14 July 2009">Would
a graphic better communicate what we are trying to do with an &lt;ul>?</draft-comment>--></p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Rules for cascading in the map</title>
   <p>When determining the value of an attribute, processors <term>must</term> evaluate each
    attribute on each individual element in a specific order; this order is specified in the
    following list. Applications should continue through the list until a value is established or
    until the end of the list is reached (at which point no value is established for the attribute).
    In essence, the list provides instructions on how processors can construct a map where all
    attribute values are set and all cascading is complete.</p>
   <p>For example, in the case of <codeph>&lt;topicref toc="yes></codeph>, applications must stop at
     <xref href="#cascading-in-a-ditamap/explicit-values" format="dita"/> in the list; a value is
    specified for @toc in the document instance, so @toc values from containing elements will not
    cascade to that specific &lt;topicref> element. The @toc="yes" setting on that &lt;topicref>
    element may cascade to contained elements, provided those elements reach <xref
     href="#cascading-in-a-ditamap/attributes-cascade" format="dita"/> below when evaluating the
    @toc attribute.</p>
   <p>For attributes within a map, the following processing order <term>must</term> occur:<ol
     id="ol_6eb4fb9c-b56f-4471-bb2d-b183fef5980c">
     <li id="common-start">The @conref and @keyref attributes are evaluated.</li>
     <li id="explicit-values">The explicit values specified in the document instance are evaluated.
      For example, a &lt;topicref> element with the @toc attribute set to "no" will use that
      value.</li>
     <li>The default or fixed attribute values that are expressed within DTDs or XSDs are evaluated.
      For example, in the DTDs and XSDs, the @toc attribute on the &lt;reltable> element has a
      default value of "no".</li>
     <li id="common-end">The default values that are supplied by a controlled values file are
      evaluated.</li>
     <li id="attributes-cascade">The attributes cascade.</li>
     <li>The processing-supplied default values are applied.</li>
     <li>After the attributes are resolved within the map, they cascade to referenced maps.
       <note>The processing-supplied default values do not cascade to other maps. For example, most
       processors will supply a default value of @toc="yes" when no @toc attribute is specified.
       However, a processor-supplied default of toc="yes" must not override a value of toc="no" that
       is set on a referenced map. If the toc="yes" value is explicitly specified, is given as a
       default through a DTD, XSD, or controlled values file, or cascades from a containing element
       in the map, it will override a toc="no" setting on the referenced map. See <xref
        href="map-to-map-cascading-of-metadata.dita"/> for more details.</note></li>
     <li>Repeat steps <xref href="#cascading-in-a-ditamap/common-start" type="li"/> to <xref
       href="#cascading-in-a-ditamap/common-end" type="li"/> for each referenced map.</li>
     <li>The attributes cascade within each referenced map.</li>
     <li>The processing-supplied default values are applied within each referenced map.</li>
     <li>Repeat the process for maps referenced within the referenced maps.</li>
    </ol><?Pub Caret -1?></p>
  </section>
  <example>
   <title>Example of metadata elements cascading in a DITA map</title>
   <p>The following code sample illustrates how an information architect can apply certain metadata
    to all the DITA topics in a
    map:<codeblock>&lt;map title="DITA maps" xml:lang="en-us">
	&lt;topicmeta>
		&lt;author>Kristen James Eberlein&lt;/author>
		&lt;copyright>
			&lt;copyryear year="2009"/>
			&lt;copyrholder>OASIS&lt;/copyrholder>
		&lt;/copyright>
	&lt;/topicmeta>
	&lt;topicref href="dita_maps.dita" navtitle="DITA maps">
		&lt;topicref href="definition_ditamaps.dita" navtitle="Definition of DITA maps">&lt;/topicref>
		&lt;topicref href="purpose_ditamaps.dita" navtitle="Purpose of DITA maps">&lt;/topicref>
		...
&lt;/map></codeblock></p>
   <p>The author and copyright information cascades to each of the DITA topics referenced in the
    DITA map. When the DITA map is processed to XHTML, for example, each XHTML files contains the
    metadata information.</p>
  </example>
 </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000006825?>
