<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="chunking" xml:lang="en-us">
   <title>Chunking</title>
   <shortdesc>Content may be chunked (divided or merged into new output documents) in different ways
      for the purposes of authoring, for delivering content, and for navigation. For example,
      something best authored as a set of separate topics may need to be delivered as a single Web
      page. A map author can use the chunk attribute to split up multi-topic documents into
      component topics or combine multiple topics into a single document as part of output
      processing.</shortdesc>
   <conbody>
      <example>
         <title>Examples of use</title>
         <p>Here are some examples of potential uses of the chunk attribute:</p>
         <dl>
            <dlentry>
               <dt>Reuse of a nested topic</dt>
               <dd>A content provider creates a set of topics as a single document. Another user
                  wants to incorporate only one of the nested topics from the document. The new user
                  can reference the nested topic from a DITA map, using the chunk attribute to
                  specify that the topic should be produced in its own document.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
               <dt>Identification of a set of topics as a unit</dt>
               <dd>A curriculum developer wants to compose a lesson for a SCORM LMS (Learning
                  Management System) from a set of topics without constraining reuse of those
                  topics. The LMS can save and restore the learner&apos;s progress through the
                  lesson if the lesson is identified as a referenceable unit. The curriculum
                  developer defines the collection of topics with a DITA map, using the chunk
                  attribute to identify the learning module as a unit before generating the SCORM
                  manifest. </dd>
            </dlentry>
         </dl>
      </example>
      <section>
         <title>Using the chunk attribute</title>
         <p>When a set of topics is processed for output using a map, the map author may use the
            chunk attribute to override whatever default chunking behavior is set by the processor.
            The chunk attribute allows the map author to request that multi-topic documents be be
            broken into multiple documents, and that multiple individual topics be combined into a
            single document.</p>
         <p>Chunking is necessarily output processor specific with chunked output required for some
            and not supported for other types of output. Chunking is also implementation specific
            with some implementations supporting some, but not all, chunking methods, or adding new
            implementation specific chunking methods to the standard methods described in this
            specification. </p>
         <p>The value of the chunk attribute consists of one or more space delimited
            tokens. Tokens are defined in three categories: for selecting topics, for setting
            chunking policies, and for defining how the chunk values impact rendering. It is an
            error to use two tokens from the same category on a single topicref element.<dl>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt>Selecting topics</dt>
                  <dd>These values describe what portion of a target document is referenced. Such
                     tokens are only useful when addressing a document that is made up of multiple
                     topics. These values are ignored when the element on which they are specified
                     does not reference a topic. Recognized values include:<ul
                        id="ul_a54387c0-37ce-4321-9214-89228cacbf2e">
                        <li><b><codeph>select-topic</codeph></b>: The "select-topic" token is used
                           to select an individual topic without any ancestors, descendents, or
                           peers from within the same document.</li>
                        <li><b><codeph>select-document</codeph></b>: The "select-document" token is
                           used to select the target topic together with all ancestors, descendents,
                           and peers within the target document.</li>
                        <li><b><codeph>select-branch</codeph></b>: The "select-branch" token is used
                           to select the target topic together with its descendents.</li>
                     </ul></dd>
               </dlentry>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt>Policies for splitting or combining documents</dt>
                  <dd>Two tokens are defined for setting chunking policies. Each token applies only
                     to the current topicref or topicref specialization, except when used on the map
                     element, in which case the value establishes a policy for the entire map.<ul
                        id="ul_32c4e9a4-a3ed-4338-9ffb-d3a2d52fa563">
                        <li><b><codeph>by-topic</codeph></b>: The "by-topic" token establishes a
                           policy for the current topicref (or topicref specialization) where a
                           separate output chunk is produced for each of the selected topics. </li>
                        <li><b><codeph>by-document</codeph></b>: The "by-document" token establishes
                           a policy for the current topicref (or topicref specialization) where a
                           single output chunk is produced for the referenced topic or topics. </li>
                     </ul></dd>
               </dlentry>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt>Rendering the selection</dt>
                  <dd>The following tokens affect how the chunk values impact rendering of the map
                     or topics.<ul id="ul_5fc069d4-ac12-4ab1-9d55-bedca81b8daf">
                        <li><b><codeph>to-content</codeph></b>: The "to-content" token indicates
                           that the selection should be rendered as a new chunk of content. <ul
                              id="ul_9308eb24-c3e3-4add-9f54-5f0aefd08b6e">
                              <li>When specified on a topicref or topicref specialization, this
                                 means that the topics selected by this topicref and its children
                                 will be rendered as a single chunk of content.</li>
                              <li>When specified on the map element, this indicates that the
                                 contents of all topics referenced by the map are to be rendered as
                                 a single document.</li>
                              <li>When specified on a topicref or topicref specialization that
                                 contains a title but no target, this indicates that a title-only
                                 topic must be generated in the rendered result, along with any
                                 topics referenced by child topicrefs (and topicref specializations)
                                 of this topicref. The rendition address of the generated topic is
                                 determined as defined for the copy-to attribute. If the copy-to
                                 attribute is not specified and the topicref has no id attribute,
                                 the address of the generated topic is not required to be
                                 predictable or consistent across rendition instances.</li>
                           </ul><p>For cross references to topicref elements, if the value of the
                              chunk attribute is "to-content" or is unspecified, the cross reference
                              is treated as a reference to the target topic. If the reference is to
                              a topicref with no target, it is treated as a reference to the
                              generated title-only topic.</p></li>
                        <li><b><codeph>to-navigation</codeph></b>: The "to-navigation" token
                           indicates that a new chunk of navigation should be used to render the
                           current selection (such as an individual Table of Contents or related
                           links). When specified on the map element, this token indicates that the
                           map should be presented as a single navigation chunk. If a cross
                           reference is made to a topicref that has a title but no target, and the
                           chunk value of that topicref is set to "to-navigation", the resulting
                           cross reference is treated as a reference to the rendered navigation
                           document (such as an entry in the table of contents).</li>
                     </ul></dd>
               </dlentry>
            </dl></p>
         <p>Some tokens or combinations of tokens may not be appropriate for all output types. When
            unsupported or conflicting tokens are encountered during output processing, warning or
            error messages should be produced. Recovery from such conflicts or other errors is
            implementation dependent. </p>
         <p>There is no default value for the chunk attribute and the chunk attribute does not
            cascade from container elements, meaning that the chunk value on one topicref is not
            passed to its children. A default by-xxx policy for an entire map may be established by
            setting the chunk attribute on the map element, which will apply to any topicref that
            does not specify its own by-xxx policy.</p>
         <p>When no chunk attribute values are given, chunking behavior is implementation dependent.
            When variations of this sort are not desired, a default for a specific map may be
            established by including a chunk attribute value on the map element. </p>
         <p>When creating new documents via chunk processing, the storage object name or identifier
            (if relevant) is determined as follows:<ol id="ol_8eabafe8-d24f-4782-9d4d-4ae7085e3c3e">
               <li>If an entire map is used to generate a single chunk (by placing
                  to-content on the map element), the name is taken from the name of the map.</li>
               <li>If the @copy-to attribute is specified, the name is taken from the @copy-to
                  attribute.</li>
               <li>If @copy-to is not specified and the by-topic policy is in effect, the name is
                  taken from the @id attribute of the topic.</li>
               <li>If @copy-to is not specified and the by-document policy is in effect, the name is
                  taken from the name of the referenced document.</li>
            </ol></p>
      </section>
      <example>
         <title>Examples </title>
         <p>In the examples below, an extension of ".xxxx" is used in place of the actual
            extensions that will vary by output format. For example, when the output format is HTML,
            the extension may actually be ".html", but this is not required.</p>
         <p>The examples below assume the existence of the following files:<ul
               id="ul_51f70fb1-03f5-460c-8990-6614b124ecc2">
               <li>parent1.dita, parent2.dita, etc., each containing a single topic with id P1, P2,
                  etc.</li>
               <li>child1.dita, child2.dita, etc., each containing a single topic with id C1, C2,
                  etc.</li>
               <li>grandchild1.dita, grandchild2.dita, etc., each containing a single topic with id
                  GC1, GC2, etc.</li>
               <li>nested1.dita, nested2.dita, etc., each containing two topics: parent topics with
                  id N1, N2, etc., and child topics with ids N1a, N2a, etc.</li>
               <li>ditabase.dita, with the following
                  contents:<codeblock>&lt;dita xml:lang="en-us">
  &lt;topic id="X">
    &lt;title>Topic X&lt;/title>&lt;body>&lt;p>content&lt;/p>&lt;/body>
  &lt;/topic>
  &lt;topic id="Y">
    &lt;title>Topic Y&lt;/title>&lt;body>&lt;p>content&lt;/p>&lt;/body>
    &lt;topic id="Y1">
      &lt;title>Topic Y1&lt;/title>&lt;body>&lt;p>content&lt;/p>&lt;/body>
      &lt;topic id="Y1a">
       &lt;title>Topic Y1a&lt;/title>&lt;body>&lt;p>content&lt;/p>&lt;/body>
      &lt;/topic>
    &lt;/topic>
    &lt;topic id="Y2">
      &lt;title>Topic Y2&lt;/title>&lt;body>&lt;p>content&lt;/p>&lt;/body>
    &lt;/topic>
  &lt;/topic>
  &lt;topic id="Z">
    &lt;title>Topic Z&lt;/title>&lt;body>&lt;p>content&lt;/p>&lt;/body>
    &lt;topic id="Z1">
      &lt;title>Topic Z1&lt;/title>&lt;body>&lt;p>content&lt;/p>&lt;/body>
    &lt;/topic>
  &lt;/topic>
&lt;/dita></codeblock></li>
            </ul></p>
         <ol id="ol_ecc1e554-0573-4210-be1d-610940157305">
            <li>The following map causes the entire map to generate a single output
               chunk.<codeblock>&lt;map chunk="to-content"> 
   &lt;topicref href="parent1.dita"> 
      &lt;topicref href="child1.dita"/> 
      &lt;topicref href="child2.dita"/> 
   &lt;/topicref> 
&lt;/map> </codeblock></li>
            <li>The following map will generate a separate chunk for every topic in every
               document referenced by the map. In this case, it will result in the topics P1.xxxx,
               N1.xxxx, and
               N1a.xxxx.<codeblock>&lt;map chunk="by-topic"> 
   &lt;topicref href="parent1.dita"> 
      &lt;topicref href="nested1.dita"/> 
   &lt;/topicref> 
&lt;/map> </codeblock></li>
            <li>The following map will generate two chunks: parent1.xxxx will contain only topic P1,
               while child1.xxxx will contain topic C1, with topics GC1 and GC2 nested within
               C1.<codeblock>&lt;map> 
   &lt;topicref href="parent1.dita"> 
      &lt;topicref href="child1.dita" chunk="to-content"> 
        &lt;topicref href="grandchild1.dita"/>
        &lt;topicref href="grandchild2.dita"/>
      &lt;/topicref>
   &lt;/topicref> 
&lt;/map> </codeblock></li>
            <li>The following map breaks down portions of ditabase.dita into three chunks. The first
               chunk Y.xxxx will contain only the single topic Y. The second chunk Y1.xxxx will
               contain the topic Y1 along with its child Y1a. The final chunk Y2.xxxx will contain
               only the topic Y2. For navigation purposes, the chunks for Y1 and Y2 are still nested
               within the chunk for
               Y.<codeblock>&lt;map>
  &lt;topicref href="ditabase.dita#Y" copy-to="Y.dita"
            chunk="to-content select-topic">
    &lt;topicref href="ditabase.dita#Y1" copy-to="Y1.dita"
              chunk="to-content select-branch"/>
    &lt;topicref href="ditabase.dita#Y2" copy-to="Y2.dita"
              chunk="to-content select-topic"/>
  &lt;/topicref>
&lt;/map></codeblock></li>
            <li>The following map will produce a single output chunk named parent1.xxxx, containing
               topic P1, with topic Y1 nested within P1, but without topic
               Y1a.<codeblock>&lt;map chunk="by-document"> 
   &lt;topicref href="parent1.dita" chunk="to-content"> 
      &lt;topicref href="ditabase.dita#Y1" 
         chunk="select-topic"/> 
   &lt;/topicref> 
&lt;/map> </codeblock></li>
            <li>The following map will produce a single output chunk, parent1.xxxx, containing topic
               P1, topic Y1 nested within P1, and topic Y1a nested within
               Y1.<codeblock>&lt;map chunk="by-document"> 
   &lt;topicref href="parent1.dita" chunk="to-content"> 
      &lt;topicref href="ditabase.dita#Y1" 
         chunk="select-branch"/> 
   &lt;/topicref> 
&lt;/map> </codeblock></li>
            <li>The following map will produce a single output chunk, P1.xxxx. The topic P1 will be
               the root topic, and topics X, Y, and Z (together with their descendents) will be
               nested within topic
               P1.<codeblock>&lt;map chunk="by-topic"> 
   &lt;topicref href="parent1.dita" chunk="to-content"> 
      &lt;topicref href="ditabase.dita#Y1" 
         chunk="select-document"/> 
   &lt;/topicref> 
&lt;/map> </codeblock></li>
            <li>The following map will produce a single output chunk named parentchunk.xxxx
               containing topic P1 at the root. Topic N1 will be nested within P1, and N1a will be
               nested within
               N1.<codeblock>&lt;map chunk="by-document"> 
   &lt;topicref href="parent1.dita" chunk="to-content" copy-to="parentchunk.dita"> 
      &lt;topicref href="nested1.dita" chunk="select-branch"/> 
   &lt;/topicref> 
&lt;/map> </codeblock></li>
            <li>The following map will produce two output chunks. The first chunk named
               parentchunk.xxxx will contain the topics P1, C1, C3, and GC3. The "to-content" token
               on the reference to child2.dita causes that branch to begin a new chunk named
               child2chunk.xxxx, which will contain topics C2 and
               GC2.<codeblock>&lt;map chunk="by-document"> 
   &lt;topicref href="parent1.dita" 
      chunk="to-content" copy-to="parentchunk.dita"> 
      &lt;topicref href="child1.dita" chunk="select-branch"/> 
      &lt;topicref href="child2.dita" 
         chunk="to-content select-branch" 
         copy-to="child2chunk.dita"> 
         &lt;topicref href="grandchild2.dita"/> 
      &lt;/topicref> 
      &lt;topicref href="child3.dita"> 
         &lt;topicref href="grandchild3.dita" 
            chunk="select-branch"/> 
      &lt;/topicref> 
   &lt;/topicref> 
 &lt;/map> </codeblock></li>
            <li>The following map produces a single chunk named nestedchunk.xxxx, which contains
               topic N1 with no topics nested
               within.<codeblock>&lt;map> 
   &lt;topicref href="nested1.dita#N1" 
             copy-to="nestedchunk.dita" 
             chunk="to-content select-topic"/> 
&lt;/map> </codeblock></li>
            <li>The following map will produce two navigation chunks, one for P1, C1, and the other
               topic references nested under parent1.dita, and a second for P2, C2, and the other
               topic references nested under
               parent2.dita.<codeblock>&lt;map> 
    &lt;topicref href="parent1.dita" 
          navtitle="How to set up a web server"
          chunk="to-navigation"> 
       &lt;topicref href="child1.dita" 
          chunk="select-branch"/> 
       &lt;!-- ... -->
    &lt;/topicref> 
    &lt;topicref href="parent2.dita" 
          navtitle="How to ensure database security"
          chunk="to-navigation"> 
       &lt;topicref href="child2.dita" 
          chunk="select-branch"/> 
       &lt;!-- ... -->
    &lt;/topicref> 
    &lt;!-- ... -->
&lt;/map> 
  </codeblock></li>
         </ol>
      </example>
      <section>
         <title>Implementation-specific tokens and future considerations </title>
         <p>Additional chunk tokens may be added to the DITA Standard in the future. In addition,
            implementers may define their own custom, implementation-specific tokens. To avoid name
            conflicts between implementations or with future additions to the standard,
            implementation-specific tokens should consist of a prefix that gives the name or an
            abbreviation for the implementation followed by a colon followed by the chunking method
            name. For example: “acme:level2” could be a token for the Acme DITA Toolkit that
            requests the “level2” chunking method.</p>
      </section>
   </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000016444?>
