<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="conditional-processing-attributes" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Conditional processing attributes</title>
<shortdesc>The metadata attributes specify properties of the content
that can be used to determine   how the content should be processed.
Specialized metadata attributes can be defined to enable   specific
business processing needs, such as semantic processing and data mining.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Metadata attributes typically are used for the following purposes:</p>
<ul>
<li>Filtering content based on the attribute values, for example,
to suppress or publish profiled content</li>
<li>Flagging content based on the attribute values, for example, to
highlight specific content on output</li>
<li>Performing custom processing, for example, to extract business-critical
data and store in it a database</li><?Pub Caret 81?>
</ul>
<p>Typically @audience, @platform, @product, @otherprops, @props,
and specializations    of the @props attributes are used for filtering;
the same attributes plus the @rev attribute are    used for flagging.
The @status and @importance attributes, as well as custom attributes
   specialized from @base, are used for application-specific behavior,
such as identifying metadata    to aid in search and retrieval.</p>
<section>    <title>Filtering and flagging attributes</title>    <p
>The following conditional-processing attributes are available on
most elements:</p>    <dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>product</dt>
<dd>The product that is the subject of the discussion. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>platform</dt>
<dd>The platform on which the product is deployed.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>audience</dt>
<dd>The intended audience of the content.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>rev</dt>
<dd>The revision or draft number of the current document. (This is
typically used only for       flagging.)</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>otherprops</dt>
<dd>Other properties that do not require semantic identification.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>props</dt>
<dd>A generic conditional processing attribute that can be specialized
to create new semantic       conditional processing attributes.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>    <p>In general, a conditional processing attribute provides
a list of one or more values separated     with whitespace. For instance, <codeph
>audience="administrator programmer"</codeph> qualifies     the content
as applying to administrators and programmers.</p>   </section>
<section>    <title>Other metadata attributes</title>    <p>Other
attributes are still considered metadata on an element, but they are
not designed for     filtering or flagging.</p>    <dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>importance </dt>
<dd>The degree of priority of the content. This attribute takes a
single value from an       enumeration. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>status</dt>
<dd>The current state of the content. This attribute takes a single
value from an       enumeration.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>base</dt>
<dd>A generic attribute that has no specific purpose, but is intended
to act as the basis for       specialized attributes that have a simple
value syntax like the conditional processing       attributes (one
or more alphanumeric values separated by whitespace).</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>outputclass</dt>
<dd>Provides a label on one or more element instances, typically to
specify a role or other       semantic distinction. As the @outputclass
attribute does not provide a formal type declaration       or the
structural consistency of specialization, it should be used sparingly,
usually only as       a temporary measure while a specialization is
developed. For example, &lt;uicontrol> elements       that define
button labels could be distinguished by adding an @outputclass attribute:
      <codeblock>&lt;uicontrol outputclass="button">Cancel&lt;/uicontrol></codeblock
>The value of       the @outputclass attribute may be used to trigger
XSLT or CSS rules, while providing a mapping       to be used for
future migration to a more specialized set of user interface elements.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>   </section>
</conbody>

</concept>
<?Pub *0000004371?>
