<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<!--RDA, March 17 2010: Based on several comments in the draft 3 review of the DITA 1.2 spec, I've
commented out the sections here on topicref and keyref, and returned this topic to a focus
solely on conref, as was done in DITA 1.0 and 1.1. The topicref and keyref mechanisms are
already covered in other topics.-->
<concept id="conref" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Content inclusion (conref)</title>
 <shortdesc><ph id="shortdesc">The DITA @conref, @conkeyref, @conrefend, and related attributes
   provide a mechanism for reuse of content fragments within DITA topics or maps. </ph></shortdesc>
 <!--<shortdesc>DITA supports content use by reference with several interrelated
mechanisms. These mechanisms use the @conref, @conaction, @conrefend,
@conkeyref, @keys, and @keyref attributes, and the &lt;topicref> element. </shortdesc>-->
 <conbody>
  <!--<p>DITA provides the following set of content inclusion mechanisms
to establish a relationship between a referencing element and a referenced
element.</p><section id="section_9FF4AB6373A9484CBB482D861E49693D"><title>Topic
reference</title><p>The &lt;topicref> element is used to assemble
DITA topics and maps in a map. </p></section>-->
  <section>
   <!--<title>Reference to content within a topic or map</title><p>The @conref,
@conkeyref, and @conrefend attributes on a topic or map element can
be used to reference content in the same or a different topic or map. </p>-->
   <ul>
    <li>
     <p>The @conref or @conkeyref attribute can be used to pull the referenced content into the
      location of the referencing element. The combination of either of these attributes with the
      @conrefend attribute can be used to pull the content of a range of elements.</p>
    </li>
    <li>
     <p>The @conref attribute can be used in combination with the @conaction attribute to push
      content from the referencing element to the location of the referenced element. </p>
    </li>
   </ul>
   <dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Pulling content to the referencing element</dt>
     <dd>
      <p>When the @conref or @conkeyref attribute is used alone, the referencing element acts as a
       placeholder for the referenced element, and the content of the referenced element is rendered
       in place of the referencing element.</p>
      <p>The combination of the @conrefend attribute with either @conref or @conkeyref specifies a
       range of sibling elements that is rendered in place of the referencing element. See <xref
        href="../common/theconrefendattribute.dita"/> for examples of how to combine @conrefend with
       either @conref or @conkeyref.</p>
     </dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Pushing content from the referencing element</dt>
     <dd>
      <p>The @conaction attribute reverses the direction of reuse from pull to push. When the
       @conref or @conkeyref attribute is used in combination with the @conaction attribute, content
       can be rendered before, after, or in place of the referenced element, depending on the value
       of the @conaction attribute. See <xref href="../common/theconactionattribute.dita"/> for more
       details.</p>
      <note>The @conaction and @conrefend attributes cannot both be used within the same referencing
       element, so it is not possible to push a range of elements.</note>
     </dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>The identifier for the referenced element must be either absolute or resolvable in the context
    of the referencing element.</p>
   <p>More formally, the DITA @conref attribute can be considered a transclusion mechanism similar
    to XInclude and to HyTime value references. DITA differs from these mechanisms, however, in that
    conref validity does not apply simply to the current content at the time of replacement, but to
    the ranges of possible content given the constraints of both the referencing document type and
    the referenced document type. DITA compares the constraints of each context to ensure the
    continued validity of the replacement content in its new context. A conref processor must not
    permit resolution of a reuse relationship that could be rendered invalid under the rules of
    either the reused or reusing content.</p>
   <p>When pulling content with the conref mechanism – if the referenced element is the same type as
    the referencing element, and the list of domains declared on the <keyword>domains</keyword>
    attribute in the referenced topic or map instance is the same as or a subset of the list of
    domains declared in the referencing document, the element set allowed in the referenced element
    is guaranteed to be the same as, or a subset of, the element set allowed in the referencing
    element. A processor resolving a conref should tolerate specializations of valid elements and
    should generalize elements in the pulled content fragment as needed for the referencing
    context.</p>
   <p>When pushing content with the conref mechanism, the domain checking algorithm is reversed. In
    this case, the domains attribute on the referenced document&apos;s topic or map must be the same
    as or a superset of the domains declared on the referencing document. Once again, a processor
    resolving a conref should tolerate specializations of valid elements and should generalize
    elements in the pushed content fragment as needed for the referenced context.</p>
   <p>All replacement of content based on @conref occurs after parsing of the document but prior to
    any styling or other transformational or presentational operations on the full topic.</p>
   <p>The referenced element may replace the referencing element based on build-time or runtime
    conditions. For example, content such as product names or install paths may differ from one
    product to another. It is advantageous to separate such content from topic content which is
    reused for more than one product. When the content is reused in a different context, different
    resources are substituted as reference elements.
    <!--See <xref href="#conref/indirect_ref_with_keys"></xref>.--></p>
   <p>A fragment of DITA content, such as an XML document containing only a single paragraph without
    a topic or map ancestor, does not contain enough information for the conref processor to be able
    to determine the validity of a reference to it. Consequently, the value of a conref must specify
    a referenced element within a DITA topic or DITA map (or it may point to the entire topic or
    map). </p>
   <p>The attribute specifications on the resolved element can be drawn from both the referencing
    element and the referenced element, according to the following priority:<ol>
     <li>All attributes as specified on the referencing element, except for attributes which specify
      the value "-dita-use-conref-target". (The term "target" here refers to the referenced
      element.)</li>
     <li>All attributes as specified on the referenced element except:<ol>
       <li>The id attribute</li>
       <li>Any attribute that is also specified on the referencing element, except when the value
        specified on the referencing element is "-dita-use-conref-target"</li>
      </ol></li>
     <li>The xml:lang attribute has special treatment as described in <xref href="xmllang.dita"
      />.<!--<draft-comment>MP: added per Jeff Ogden comment 2007/01/22 - assuming
that treatment does not apply to dir or translate.</draft-comment>--></li>
    </ol><!--<draft-comment>from JO 2007/01/22: This might be better as: 2. All
attributes as specified on the target element: a. But the id attribute
from the target is never used as an id in the context of the source
element b. Any attribute also specified on the source element unless
the value specified on the source element is "-dita-use-conref-target"</draft-comment>--><!--<draft-comment>MP: leaving as-is since existing wording has been approved.
Can reconsider for future draft.</draft-comment>--></p>
   <p>The only time the resolved element would include an attribute whose specified value is
    "-dita-use-conref-target" is when the referenced element had that attribute specified with the
    "-dita-use-conref-target" value and the referencing element either had no specification for that
    attribute or had it also specified with the "-dita-use-conref-target" value. If the final
    resolved element (after the complete resolution of any conref chain, as explained below) has an
    attribute with the "-dita-use-conref-target" value, that should be treated as equivalent to
    having that attribute unspecified.</p>
   <p>A given attribute value on the resolved element comes in its entirety from either the
    referencing element or the referenced element; the attribute values of the referencing and
    referenced elements for a given attribute are never additive, even if the property (such as the
    audience type) takes a list of values.</p>
   <p>If the referenced element has a @conref attribute specified, the above rules should be applied
    recursively with the resolved element from one referencing/referenced combination becoming one
    of the two elements participating in the next referencing/referenced combination. The result
    should preserve without generalization all elements that are valid in the originating context,
    even if they are not valid in an intermediate context. For example, if topicA and topicC allow
    highlighting, and topicB does not, then a content reference chain of
    topicA-&gt;topicB-&gt;topicC should preserve any highlighting elements in the referenced
    content. The result, however it is achieved, must be equivalent to the result of resolving the
    conref pairs recursively starting from the original referencing element in topicA.</p>
   <p>The @conrefend attribute is used when referencing a range of elements with the conref
    mechanism. The @conref attribute references the first element in the range, while @conrefend
    points to the last element in the range. Although the start and end referenced elements must
    both be of the same type as the referencing element (or specialized from that element type), the
    intermediary, contiguous nodes in the middle of the range do not have to be the same.</p>
  </section>
  <!--<section id="indirect_ref_with_keys"><title>Indirect addressing with
keys</title><p>DITA provides an indirect addressing mechanism in which
resources are bound to abstract names, called keys. The keys are defined
in a map, and are used as values in referencing elements within the
map and in content referenced by the map. The key space defined in
a map is effective on all referencing elements that use those keys,
throughout the DITA document that is aggregated using the map. </p><p>The
same key can have different bindings in different use contexts. If
an identical map is used, except with different key definitions, then
a different key space is defined. In this way, alternative maps may
be created with different values for the @keys attribute, with the
result that references using those keys in DITA content are resolved
in different ways, depending upon which map is used to aggregate that
content. This greatly enhances the portability of DITA topics, simplifies
update when references change, supports particularized variants of
complex content, and supports methods of conditional processing that
scale far better than those provided in prior releases of DITA. </p><p>When
a key definition specifies a child element of &lt;<keyword>topicmeta</keyword>>
as a resource, that element may be rendered as all or part of the
content in the element that bears the key reference. By this means,
the key reference can be used as a variable, and the content of the
resource provides a way to set the variable's value wherever a key
reference using that key name occurs within the document(s) aggregated
by the map(s) containing that key definition. </p><p>Keys may also
be used for values that are rendered as navigation links as well as
for content inclusion.</p></section>-->
  <!--<section><title>Footnote reuse by reference</title>
  
 <p>When the &lt;fn&gt; element has its <keyword>id</keyword> attribute set, it is not rendered. An &lt;xref&gt; element must be employed to use it by reference. In the &lt;xref&gt; element, the <keyword>type</keyword> attribute is set to "fn" and the <keyword>href</keyword> attribute is set to the <keyword>id</keyword>  value of the &lt;fn&gt; element. The content of the &lt;fn&gt; element is then rendered at the location of the &lt;xref&gt; element. By this means, the same footnote content may be rendered in more than one place.</p> </section>-->
 </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000013178?>
