<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="constraintsGeneralize" xml:lang="en-us">
       <title>Conref and generalization for constraint modules</title>
       <shortdesc>When documents use different constraints, conref and generalization processors may
              examine the @domains to verify compatibility between the document
              instances.</shortdesc>
       <conbody>
              <section>
                     <title>Conref compatibility with constraints</title>
                     <?Pub Caret -1?>
                     <p>To determine compatibility between two document instances, a conref
                            processor can check the @domains attribute to confirm that </p>
                     <ul>
                            <li>The referencing document has a superset of the vocabulary modules in
                                   the referenced document.</li>
                            <li>For each vocabulary module in the referenced document, the
                                   referencing document qualifies the common module with a subset of
                                   the constraints in the referenced document.</li>
                     </ul>
                     <p>Some examples:</p>
                     <simpletable>
                            <sthead>
                                   <stentry>Referencing</stentry>
                                   <stentry>Referenced</stentry>
                                   <stentry>Resolution</stentry>
                            </sthead>
                            <strow>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic shortdescReq-c)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><b>Allowed</b> - content model of referenced topic is
                                          more constrained</stentry>
                            </strow>
                            <strow>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic shortdescReq-c)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><b>Prevented</b> - content model of referenced topic is
                                          less constrained</stentry>
                            </strow>
                            <strow>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic hi-d)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic hi-d basicHighlight-c)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><b>Allowed</b> - domain extension list of referenced
                                          document type shell is more constrained</stentry>
                            </strow>
                            <strow>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic hi-d basicHighlight-c)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic hi-d)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><b>Prevented</b> - domain extension list of referenced
                                          document type shell is less constrained.</stentry>
                            </strow>
                            <strow>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic hi-d)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic noBasePhrase-c) (topic
                                          hi-d)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><b>Allowed</b> - referencing document type shell doesn't
                                          replace base element with domain extensions.</stentry>
                            </strow>
                            <strow>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic noBasePhrase-c) (topic
                                          hi-d)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic hi-d)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><b>Prevented</b> - referencing document type shell does
                                          replace base element with domain extensions.</stentry>
                            </strow>
                            <strow>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic task) (topic hi-d
                                                 basicHighlight-c)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic simpleSection-c task
                                                 simpleTaskSection-c)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><b>Allowed</b> - referencing shell has a subset of the
                                          constraints of the referenced shell on the common
                                          vocabulary modules.</stentry>
                            </strow>
                            <strow>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic shortdescReq-c task shortdescTaskReq-c)
                                                 (topic hi-d basicHighlight-c)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><codeph>(topic simpleSection-c task
                                                 simpleTaskSection-c)</codeph></stentry>
                                   <stentry><b>Prevented</b> - referencing shell has constraints on
                                          common vocabulary modules that aren't in the referenced
                                          shell.</stentry>
                            </strow>
                     </simpletable>
              </section>
              <section>
                     <title>Generalization and constraints</title>
                     <p>Similarly, to determine compatibility between a document instance and a
                            target document type, a generalization processor can use the @domains
                            and @class attributes for the document instance and the @domains
                            attribute for the target document type to determine how to rename
                            elements in the document instance. For each element instance, the
                            generalization processor:</p>
                     <ul>
                            <li>
                                   <p>Iterates over the @class attribute on the element instance
                                          from specific to general, inspecting the vocabulary
                                          modules.</p>
                            </li>
                            <li>
                                   <p>Looks for the first vocabulary module that is both present in
                                          the target document type and that has a subset of the
                                          constraints in the document instance.</p>
                                   <p>If a module is found in the target document type, that module
                                          becomes the minimum threshhold for the generalization of
                                          contained element instances.</p>
                                   <p>If a module is not found, the document instance cannot be
                                          generalized to the target document type and, instead, can
                                          only be generalized to a less constrained document
                                          type.</p>
                            </li>
                     </ul>
                     <p>Note that a document instance can always be converted from a constrained
                            document type to an unconstrained document type merely by switching the
                            binding of the document instance to the less restricted schema (which
                            would also have a different @domains attribute declaration). No renaming
                            of elements is needed to remove constraints.</p>
              </section>
       </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005396?>
