<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="createCustomDocType" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Configuration (Document type shells)</title>
  <shortdesc><ph id="shortdesc">A given DITA map or topic document is governed by a DITA document
      type that defines the set of structural modules (topic or map types), domain modules, and
      constraints modules that the map or topic can use.</ph></shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>The DITA document type is defined entirely by the set of modules declared on the @domains
      attribute of the document's root element and by the values of the @class attributes of all the
      elements in the document. If the @domains attribute declares both structural and domain
      vocabulary modules, then the @domains attribute by itself serves to define the DITA document
      type. The information on the @domains and @class attributes is sufficient to implement all
      DITA-defined processing and constraint checking on documents (for example, determining if a
      referenced element in a content reference has a set of modules compatible with the modules
      used by the referencing element's document).</p>
    <p>Thus, DITA <keyword>does not</keyword> require that conforming DITA documents have an
      associated DTD, XSD, or other formal document type definition as long as all required
      attributes are explicit in document instances. However, most DITA documents have an associated
      DTD or XML schema document by which the documents can be validated using normal XML processors
      and that can provide default values for the @domains and @class attributes, in particular. In
      addition, while the DITA specification only defines coding requirements for DTDs and XML
      schema documents, conforming DITA documents <keyword>may</keyword> use other document type
      constraint languages, such as RelaxNG or Schematron.</p>
    <p>Per the coding requirements for DITA document types, document type shells are always
      implemented as a top-level file that only includes and configures vocabulary modules—they
      never directly define new element or attribute types.</p>
    <p>Two document type shells define the same DITA document type if they integrate the same set of
      vocabulary and constraint modules. For example, a shell document type that is an unmodified
      copy of the OASIS-provided topic document type shell (topic.dtd or topic.xsd) defines the same
      DITA document type as the original but, because it is a distinct file, has a distinct system
      identifier (because it is not a replacement for the OASIS-provided shell but a copy of it,
      which <keyword>must</keyword> be stored in a different location) and <keyword>must</keyword>
      have a unique public identifier if a public identifier is associated with it. In particular,
      for document type shells not created by OASIS, the public identifier or URN for the document
      type shell <keyword>must not</keyword> indicate OASIS as the owner and
        <keyword>should</keyword> reflect the owner or creator of the document type shell. For
      example, if example.com creates a copy of the topic.dtd document type shell for its own use,
      an appropriate public identifier would be "-//example.com//DTD DITA Topic//EN", where
      "example.com" is the owner identifier component of the public identifier. An appropriate URN
      would be "urn:example.com:names:dita:xsd:topic.xsd".<note>The public or system identifier
        associated with a given document type shell is not, by itself, necessarily distinguishing.
        This is because two different shell document types, owned by different owners, may define
        the same DITA document type as indicated by the effective value of the @domains
        attribute.</note></p>
    <p>While the DITA specification includes a starter set of document type shells for common
      combinations of modules, those document type shells are not mandatory.</p>
    <note>Even if an initial implementation does not require configuration, constraint, or
      specialization, it can be useful to create new shell document types. That way, if modification
      is required in the future, documents will not need to be modified to point to a new shell
      document type.</note>
    <p>DITA document type shells <keyword>must</keyword> follow the <ph rev="public-review-1">coding
        requirements</ph> defined in this specification. This ensures consistency of implementation
      and also serves to make the task of creating document type shells almost entirely
      mechanical.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002526?>
