<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="definition-of-ditamaps" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Definition of DITA maps</title>
<shortdesc><ph id="shortdesc">DITA maps are documents that organize topics and other resources into
                                    structured collections of information. DITA maps specify
                                    hierarchy and the relationships among the topics; they also
                                    provide the context in which keys are defined and resolved. DITA
                                    maps <keyword>should</keyword> have
                                                <filepath>.ditamap</filepath> file
                        extensions.</ph></shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Maps draw on a rich set of existing best practices and standards
for defining information             models, such as hierarchical
task analysis. They also support the definition of             non-hierarchical
relationships, such as matrices and groups, which provide a set of
            capabilities that has similarities to Resource Description
Framework (RDF) and ISO topic             maps.</p>
<p>DITA maps use &lt;topicref> elements (or specializations of the &lt;topicref>
element) to             reference DITA topics, DITA maps, and non-DITA
resources, for example, HTML and TXT             files. The &lt;topicref>
elements can be nested or grouped to create relationships        
    between the referenced topics, maps, and non-DITA files; the &lt;topicref>
elements can             be organized into hierarchies in order to
represent a specific order of navigation or             presentation.</p>
<p>DITA maps impose an architecture on a set of topics. Information
architects can use DITA             maps to specify what DITA topics
are needed to support a given set of user goals and             requirements;
the sequential order of the topics; and the relationships that exist
among             those topics. Because DITA maps provide this context
for topics, the topics themselves             can be relatively context-free;
they can be used and reused in multiple different             contexts.</p>
<p>DITA maps often represent a single deliverable, for example, a
specific Web site, a             printed publication, or the online
help for a product. DITA maps also can be             subcomponents
for a single deliverable, for example, a DITA map might contain the
            content for a chapter in a printed publication or the
troubleshooting information for an             online help system.
The DITA specification provides specialized map types; book maps 
           represent printed publications, subject scheme maps represent
taxonomic or ontological             classifications, and learning
maps represent formal units of instruction and assessment.       
     However, these map types are only a starter set of map types
reflecting well-defined             requirements.</p>
<p>DITA maps establish relationships through the nesting of &lt;topicref>
elements and the             application of the @collection-type attribute.
Relationship tables may also be used to             associate topics
with each other based on membership in the same row; for example,
task topics            can be associated with supporting concept and
reference topics by placing each group in cells of the same row. During
            processing, these relationships can be rendered in different
ways, although they             typically result in lists of "Related
topics" or "For more information" links. Like many             aspects
of DITA, the details about how such linking relationships are presented
is             determined by the DITA processor.</p>
<p>DITA maps also define keys and provide the context in which key
references are resolved.             A &lt;topicref> element (or specialized
&lt;topicref> such as &lt;keydef>) may be used to define a key which
binds that key name to a specified resource.</p>
</conbody><?Pub Caret -1?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003970?>
