<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2008, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="dita_spec_intro_bookmap">
  <title>Bookmap</title>
  <shortdesc>The DITA bookmap specialization represents the key markup requirements for managing
    DITA content through book-oriented publication processes, including book metadata and book
    structures for organizing content.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <section>
      <title>The purpose of the bookmap specialization</title>
      <p>Books and other printed media are popular ways to present DITA content. By specializing the
        general DITA map structure into the general structure and subject areas used by most
        book-oriented DTDs, bookmaps enable users to organize their DITA information into front
        matter, parts, chapters, and so forth. A rich set of metadata allows for recording
        information about the book, such as its authors and owners, versions, and production
        history.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>The structure of the bookmap specialization</title>
      <p>The &lt;bookmap> element is the top-level element for a DITA bookmap. Most of the content
        for a bookmap is optional, allowing for <ph>specializations that further restrict
          the bookmap
        model.</ph>.<!-- JTH: what is a restrictive specialization? Revised
            wording 091009 --></p>
      <p>A bookmap allows the following parts:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>An intial title or booktitle (booktitle has more semantics)</li>
        <li>Book metadata (publisher, author, copyright holders and dates, etc.)</li>
        <li>Front matter (placement for Table of Contents and other preliminary information) </li>
        <li>Any number of chapters or parts (parts can group chapters, chapters can group
          topics)</li>
        <li>An appendices section (similar to a part or a chapter, can group multiple
          appendices</li>
        <li>Back matter (similar to front matter, notices, glossary, index, etc.)</li>
        <li>Relationship table</li>
      </ul>
      <p>In typical book-oriented DTDs or schemas, authors commonly manage major content structures
        as external entities, separate from the body of the book, and referenced as imbedded
        elements into the overall structure. Bookmap follows the same organizational approach, using
        the topicref-based structure of DITA maps as the archetype for the major divisions of a
        book.</p>
      <p>Here is an example of a simple bookmap. It includes several mechanisms to include chapter
          content:<ul id="ul_b654d314-2a70-4c88-a9e0-21050887ebe6">
          <li>Referencing a DITA map</li>
          <li>Referencing a DITA topic</li>
          <li>Nesting &lt;topicref> elements</li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <example>
      <codeblock>&lt;bookmap id="taskbook">
  &lt;booktitle>
    &lt;mainbooktitle>Product tasks&lt;/mainbooktitle>
    &lt;booktitlealt>Tasks and what they do&lt;/booktitlealt>
  &lt;/booktitle>
  &lt;bookmeta>
    &lt;author>John Doe&lt;/author>
    &lt;bookrights>
      &lt;copyrfirst>
        &lt;year>2006&lt;/year>
      &lt;/copyrfirst>
      &lt;bookowner>
        &lt;person href="task_preface.dita>Jane Doe&lt;/person>
      &lt;/bookowner>
    &lt;/bookrights>
  &lt;/bookmeta>
  &lt;frontmatter>
    &lt;preface/>
  &lt;/frontmatter>
  &lt;chapter format="ditamap" href="installing.ditamap"/>
  &lt;chapter href="configuring.dita"/>
  &lt;chapter href="maintaining.dita">
    &lt;topicref href="maintainstorage.dita"/>
    &lt;topicref href="maintainserver.dita"/>
    &lt;topicref href="maintaindatabase.dita"/>
  &lt;/chapter>
  &lt;appendix href="task_appendix.dita"/>
  &lt;/bookmap></codeblock>
    </example>
    <section>
      <title>Modules</title>
      <p>The following DITA modules are provided for the bookmap specialization.</p>
      <sl>
        <sli>bookmap.dtd, bookmap.ent, <?Pub Caret?>bookmap.mod (DTD)</sli>
        <sli>bookmap.xsd, bookmapGrp.xsd, bookmapMod.xsd (Schema)</sli>
      </sl>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003962 0?>
