<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ditamap-attributes" xml:lang="en-us"> 
  <title><ph>DITA map attributes</ph></title> 
  <shortdesc>DITA maps have unique attributes that are designed to control the
	 way that relationships are interpreted for different output purposes. In
	 addition, DITA maps share many metadata and linking attributes with DITA
	 topics. 
  </shortdesc> 
  <conbody> 
	 <section id="section_2D9B9C389FB14ED1908EB8F2F0069318"> 
		<title>Attributes unique to DITA maps</title> 
		<p>DITA maps often encode structures that are specific to a particular
		  medium or output, for example, Web pages or a PDF document. Attributes, such as
		  @print and @toc, are designed to help processors interpret the DITA map for
		  each kind of output. These attributes are not available in DITA topics;
		  individual topics, once separated from the high-level structures and
		  dependencies associated with a particular kind of output, should be entirely
		  reusable regardless of the intended output format. The @collection-type and
		  @linking attributes affect how related links are generated for topics that are
		  referenced in the DITA map. 
		</p> 
		<dl> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>collection-type 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>The @collection-type attribute specifies how 
				<ph>the children of a &lt;topicref&gt; element relate to their
				  parent and to each other. This attribute, which is set on the parent element,
				  typically is used by processors to determine how to generate navigation links
				  in the rendered topics. For example, a @collection-type value of "sequence"
				  indicates that children of the specifying &lt;topicref&gt; element represent an
				  ordered sequence of topics; processors might add numbers to the list of child
				  topics or generate next/previous links for online presentation.</ph> Where the
				@collection-type attribute is available on elements that cannot directly
				contain elements (such as &lt;reltable&gt; or &lt;relcolspec&gt;), the behavior
				of the attribute is reserved for future use. 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>linking 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd> 
				<p><!--<draft-comment>Per Jeff Ogden comment 2007/01/22: updated list of
reciprocal relationships to be more complete, and to say relationship
table instead of simply table.</draft-comment>--><!--<draft-comment>MP: for 1.2, draft complete list of relationships?
Would need to be careful with wording - nice to have common linking
patterns but don't want to limit implementers</draft-comment>--><!--<draft-comment author="Kristen James Eberlein" time="16 June 2009">Michael,
what did you have in mind here? </draft-comment>-->By default, the
				  relationships between the topics that are referenced in a map are reciprocal: 
				<ul id="ul_507A7F4BAA9F450E8E33FEF0047E2546"> 
				  <li id="li_4CB272C9D27149D4BCFA4E656EE2C404">Child topics link to
					 parent topics and vice versa. 
				  </li> 
				  <li id="li_E90BF54E2A9E4DC7BBAE8297FC015F80">Next and previous
					 topics in a sequence link to each other. 
				  </li> 
				  <li id="li_0B792FA4CF744D4981A8B5097F1CB798">Topics in a family
					 link to their sibling topics. 
				  </li> 
				  <li id="li_77F5130A872646D4ACF13B4AD1A77C5D">Topics referenced in
					 the table cells of the same row in a relationship table link to each other. 
					 <ph>A topic referenced within a table cell does not (by
						default) link to other topics referenced in the same table cell.</ph> 
				  </li> 
				</ul> 
				</p> 
				<p>This behavior can be modified by using the @linking attribute,
				  which enables an author or information architect to specify how a topic should
				  participate in a relationship. The following values are valid: 
				<dl> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>linking="none" 
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Specifies that the topic does not exist in the map for the
						purposes of calculating links. 
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>linking="sourceonly" 
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Specifies that the topic will link to its related topics
						but not vice versa. 
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>linking="targetonly" 
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Specifies that the related topics will link to it but not
						vice versa. 
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>linking="normal" 
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>Default value. It specifies that linking will be reciprocal
						(the topic will link to related topics, and they will link back to it). 
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry> 
				</dl>Authors also can create links directly in a topic by using the
				&lt;xref&gt; or &lt;link&gt; elements, but in most cases map-based linking is
				preferable, because links in topics create dependencies between topics that can
				hinder reuse. 
				</p> 
				<p>Note that while the relationships between the topics that are
				  referenced in a map are reciprocal, the relationships merely 
				  <i>imply</i> reciprocal links in generated output that includes
				  links. The rendered navigation links are a function of the presentation style
				  that is determined by the processor. 
				</p> 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>toc 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Specifies whether topics are excluded from navigation output,
				such as a Web site map or an online table of contents. By default,
				&lt;topicref&gt; hierarchies are included in navigation output; relationship
				tables are excluded. 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>navtitle 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd><ph>Specifies a navigation title. This is a shorter version of
				  the title that is used in the navigation only.</ph> By default, the @navtitle
				attribute is ignored; it serves only to help the DITA map author keep track of
				the title of the topic. 
				<note id="deprecated_navtitle_attribute">The @navtitle attribute is
				  deprecated in favor of the &lt;navtitle&gt; element. When both a
				  &lt;navtitle&gt; element and a navtitle attribute are specified, the
				  &lt;navtitle&gt; element should be used. 
				</note> 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>locktitle 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd> 
				<p rev="public-review-1"> If locktitle is set to "yes", the
				  &lt;navtitle&gt; element or @navtitle attribute is used if it is present.
				  Otherwise, the navtitle is ignored and the navigation title is retrieved from
				  the referenced file. 
				</p> 
				<note conref="#ditamap-attributes/deprecated_navtitle_attribute"/> 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>print 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Specifies whether the topic should be included in printed output 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>search 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd> Specifies whether the topic should be included in search
				indexes. 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>chunk 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Specifies that the processor generates an interim set of DITA
				topics that are used as the input for the final processing. This can produce
				the following output results: 
				<ul id="ul_27C950F3480B4494AEEEB41C35169490"> 
				  <li id="li_99CD0EBEB4474DF581476BF9B1051F2A">Multi-topic files
					 are transformed into smaller files, for example, individual HTML files for each
					 DITA topic. 
				  </li> 
				  <li id="li_F31FE7FA5E6F4977962A270A448304CA">Individual DITA
					 topics are combined into a single file. 
				  </li> 
				</ul>Specifying a value for the @chunk attribute on a &lt;map&gt;
				element establishes chunking behavior that applies to the entire map, unless
				overridden by @chunk attributes that are set on more specific elements in the
				DITA map. For a detailed description of the @chunk attribute and its usage, see
				
				<xref href="chunking.dita"><?xm-replace_text Chunking?></xref>. 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>copy-to 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd> 
				<p>In most situations, specifies whether a duplicate version of the
				  topic is created when it is transformed. 
				  <ph>This duplicate version can be either literal or virtual.</ph>
				  The value of the @copy-to attribute specifies the 
				  <ph>uniform resource identifier (URI) by which the topic can be
					 referenced by a @conref attribute, &lt;topicref&gt; element, or &lt;xref&gt;
					 element.</ph> 
				  <ph>The duplication is a convenience for output processors that
					 use the URI of the topic to generate the base address of the output. The @keys
					 and @keyref attributes provide an alternative mechanism; they enable references
					 to topics in specific-use contexts without making copies.</ph> 
				</p> 
				<p>The @copy-to attribute also can be used to specify the name of a
				  new chunk when topics are being chunked; it also can be used to determine the
				  name of the stub topic that is generated from a &lt;topicref&gt; element that
				  contains a title but does not specify a target. In both of those cases, no
				  duplicate version of the topic is generated. 
				</p> 
				<p>For information on how the @copy-to attribute can be used with
				  the @chunk attribute, see 
				  <xref href="chunking.dita"><?xm-replace_text Chunking?></xref>. 
				</p>
            <!--<p><draft-comment author="Kristen James Eberlein" time="24 August 2009">Review
suggestion from Elliot Kimber:<p>"In general, copy-to is a convenience
for output processors that, by default, map topics to result components
one-to-one, using the input topic's URL as a base for the result component's
address (e.g., generating HTML pages from topics where the HTML page's
base filename is the same as the input topic's base filename). However,
the use of copy-to is not required simply to enable references to
topics in a specific use context. That can be done using keys and
keyref irrespective of how topics and result components are named
or addressed."</p><p>Do we want to add information about the copy-to
being handled more elegantly by keys and the @keyref attribute? Should
the @copy-to attribute be deprecated in favor of using keys? Should
this include more information about how and when the @copy-to attribute
is needed even now that we have keys and @keyref? See discussion at <xref
href="http://wiki.oasis-open.org/dita/ditaMaps" scope="external"></xref>.<draft-comment
author="Kristen James Eberlein" time="31 December 2009">Review #3
comment by Michael Priestley on 17 December 2009<p>"For @copy-to -
in response to Eliot's draft comment asking if we should deprecate
copy-to in favor of keyref - definitely not. I don't understand the
comment about usage-specific referencing - i.e. I don't understand
what scenario for copy-to keyref replaces - but it certainly leaves
all the normal scenarios for copy-to, which keyref does not affect
or replace."</p></draft-comment></p></draft-comment></p>-->
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>processing-role 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd><ph>Specifies whether the topic or map referenced should be
				  processed normally or treated as a resource that is only included in order to
				  resolve key or content references.</ph> 
				<dl> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>processing-role="normal" 
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>The topic is a readable part of the information set. It is
						included in navigation and search results. This is the default value for the
						&lt;topicref&gt; element. 
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt>processing-role="resource-only" 
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>The topic should be used only 
						<ph>as</ph> a resource for processing. It is not included in
						navigation or search results, nor is it rendered as a topic. This is the
						default value for the &lt;keydef&gt; element. 
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry> 
				</dl>If the @processing-role attribute is not specified locally,
				the value cascades from the 
				<ph>closest element in the containment hierarchy</ph>. 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		</dl> 
	 </section> 
	 <section id="sharedatt"> 
		<title>Attributes shared by DITA maps and DITA topics</title> 
		<p><ph>The following metadata and reuse attributes are used by both DITA
			 maps and DITA topics:</ph> 
		<ul id="ul_E05916B6426F4A4883A7FBAE8C2CFFE9"> 
		  <li id="li_69A0AAF4248D4BA585E8A6FA7093334D">product, platform,
			 audience, otherprops, rev, status, importance 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_1A2C0FB54870473FA160A5D4DD2ADBE6">dir, xml:lang, translate 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_2A1FAF843FF54693814C7C19F4DEBD33">id, conref, conrefend,
			 conkeyref,, conaction 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_BCC8F75F86BE4588B80CAEE4B00EB5EF">props, base 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_74B8A8F0863C4023A4A014520D62C185">, search 
		  </li> 
		</ul>DITA maps also use many of the following attributes that are used
		with &lt;link&gt; or &lt;xref&gt; elements in DITA topics: 
		<ul id="ul_8EC90A51600A4EA388FCB3BCF0490924"> 
		  <li id="li_5893ECBE9D1943CA8F67AFAF1A33AACA">format 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_324682CF250345F7B2DDC8692BC00C81">href 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_178E6EB1985D464A867DDB89066927F5">keyref 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_393B3EADBBBF45029DD13F74FCB01383">scope 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_C214A132BF374DD681F79EA9C91DFFF2">type 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_C62671077C5E4A759FBD6A6EAB529D68">query 
		  </li> 
		</ul> 
		</p> 
		<p>When new attributes are specialized from<?Pub Caret?> @props or @base
		  as a domain, they may be incorporated into both map and topic structural types.
		  
		</p> 
	 </section> 
	 <example id="example_DAFAE816C99C4497A3FB5754A45C6ABA"> 
		<title><ph>How the collection-type and linking attributes work in a
			 relationship table</ph></title>
      <!--<draft-comment author="Kristen James Eberlein">I
moved the following content from the &lt;dlentry> about linking. Does
this content duplicate anything currently in the lang spec? If so,
the material should be reused.</draft-comment>-->
		<p>The following example illustrates how linkage is defined in a DITA
		  map: 
		  <fig id="fig_F52D910F804E4992AE23F4047E978480"> 
			 <title>Simple linking example</title> 
			 <codeblock>&lt;topicref href="A.dita" collection-type="sequence"&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="A1.dita"/&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="A2.dita"/&gt;
&lt;/topicref&gt;
&lt;reltable&gt;
  &lt;relrow&gt;
    <ph>&lt;relcell&gt;&lt;topicref href="A.dita"/&gt;&lt;/relcell&gt;
    &lt;relcell&gt;&lt;topicref href="B.dita"/&gt;&lt;/relcell&gt;</ph>
  &lt;/relrow&gt;
&lt;/reltable&gt;</codeblock> 
		  </fig> 
		</p> 
		<p>When the output is generated, the topics contain the following
		  linkage: 
		<dl> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>A 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Links to A1, A2 as children 
			 </dd> 
			 <dd>Links to B as related 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>A1 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Links to A as a parent 
			 </dd> 
			 <dd>Links to A2 as next in the sequence 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>A2 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Links to A as a parent 
			 </dd> 
			 <dd>Links to A1 as previous in the sequence 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>B 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Links to A as related 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		</dl> 
		</p> 
		<p>The following example illustrates how setting the @linking attribute
		  can change the default behavior: 
		  <fig id="fig_B15B4CA124F5481487562311D363F3D4"> 
			 <title>Linking example with the linking attribute</title> 
			 <codeblock>&lt;topicref href="A.dita" collection-type="sequence"&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="B.dita" linking="none"/&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="A1.dita"/&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="A2.dita"/&gt;
&lt;/topicref&gt;
&lt;reltable&gt;
  &lt;relrow&gt;
    <ph>&lt;relcell&gt;&lt;topicref href="A.dita"/&gt;&lt;/relcell&gt;
    &lt;relcell linking="sourceonly"&gt;&lt;topicref href="B.dita"/&gt;&lt;/relcell&gt;</ph>
  &lt;/relrow&gt;
&lt;/reltable&gt;</codeblock> 
		  </fig> 
		</p> 
		<p>When the output is generated, the topics contain the following
		  linkage: 
		<dl> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>A 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Links to A1, A2 as children 
			 </dd> 
			 <dd>Does not link to B as a child or related topic 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>A1 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Links to A as a parent 
			 </dd> 
			 <dd>Links to A2 as next in the sequence 
			 </dd> 
			 <dd>Does not link to B as previous in the sequence 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>A2 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Links to A as a parent 
			 </dd> 
			 <dd>Links to A1 as previous in the sequence 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>B 
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Links to A as a related topic 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		</dl> 
		</p> 
	 </example> 
  </conbody> 
</concept> <?Pub *0000014500?>
