<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="dita_concept_topic" xml:lang="en-Us">
 <title>Concept topic</title>
 <shortdesc>The DITA concept document type uses the concept information type. Concept topics are
  specialized from the base topic information type. They include the standard topic elements,
  including the short description, prolog, a <?Pub Caret?>body, and related links.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>The purpose of the concept information type</title>
   <p>Concepts provide background that helps readers understand essential information about a
    product, a task, a process, or any other conceptual or descriptive information. A concept may be
    an extended definition of a major abstraction such as a process or function. Conceptual
    information may explain the nature and components of a product and describe how it fits into a
    category of products. Conceptual information helps readers to map their knowledge and
    understanding to the tasks they need to perform and to provide other essential information about
    a product, process, or system.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>The structure of the concept topic</title>
   <p>The concept topic is specialized from the base topic information type. The top-level element
    for a DITA concept topic is the &lt;concept> element. Every concept topic contains the standard
    topic elements, including title, short descriptions or abstract, prolog, a body, and related
    links.</p>
   <p>The &lt;conbody> element holds the main body-level elements of the concept topic. Like the
    body element of a base topic, the &lt;conbody> allows paragraphs, lists, tables, figures and
    other general elements. It also provides two key elements that allow authors to subdivide the
    topic into parts, with or without titles. These subdivisions are called sections and examples.
    The &lt;conbody> also allows &lt;bodydiv> and &lt;sectiondiv> to facilitate grouping elements in
    the &lt;conbody> for reuse.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Limitations within &lt;conbody></title>
   <p>The &lt;conbody> provides for an unlimited number of subdivisions in the form of sections and
    examples. However, once an author decides to incorporate a section or example in the
    &lt;conbody>, only additional sections or examples are allowed. Sections and examples may not
    nest, meaning that only one level of subdivision is permitted in the concept topic.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Concept body primary subdivisions</title>
   <dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>&lt;section></dt>
     <dd>Represents an organizational division in a concept topic. Sections organize subsets of
      information within a larger topic. You can only include a simple list of peer sections in a
      topic; sections cannot be nested. A section may have an optional title.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>&lt;example></dt>
     <dd>Provides examples that illustrate or support the current topic. The &lt;example> element
      has the same content model as &lt;section>. </dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl>
  </section>
  <example>
   <p>Following is an example of a simple concept topic. Note that once an example is used, it may
    be followed only by another example or by a section.</p>
   <codeblock>&lt;concept id="concept">
 &lt;title>Bird Songs&lt;/title>

&lt;shortdesc>Bird songs are complex vocalizations used to attract mates or defend territories. 
&lt;conbody>
  &lt;p>Bird songs vary widely among species, from simple songs that are genetically imprinted to complex songs that are learned over a lifetime.&lt;/p>
  &lt;example>
   &lt;p>Flycatchers know their songs from birth:&lt;/p>
   &lt;ul>
    &lt;li>Flycatcher songs are simple sequences of notes.&lt;/li>
    &lt;li>Flycatcher songs never vary but are unique to each member of the Flycatcher family.&lt;/li>
   &lt;/ul>
  &lt;/example>
 &lt;/conbody>
&lt;/concept></codeblock>
  </example>
  <section>
   <title>Modules</title>
   <p>The following DITA modules are provided for the concept topic:</p>
   <sl>
    <sli>concept.mod, concept.ent (DTD)</sli>
    <sli>conceptMod.xsd, conceptGrp.xsd (Schema)</sli>
   </sl>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004263 0?>
