<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="dita-linking-links-within-topics" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Links within topics</title>
 <shortdesc>A topic may contain several types of links.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <ul>
   <li>Content reference links from any element in the topic that allows @conref or @conkeyref.</li>
   <li>Related information links, within a &lt;related-links> element following the topic body. The
    related links are usually rendered at the end of the topic.</li>
   <li>Image links created using &lt;image>. Image elements may use &lt;longdescref> to link to the
    long description for the image as a supplement to the &lt;alt> element.</li>
   <li>Object links created using &lt;object>. Object elements may use &lt;longdescref> to link to
    the long description for the object as a supplement to the &lt;alt> element.</li>
   <li>Navigation links created using &lt;xref>. For output media that support hyperlinking, the
    &lt;xref> should result in a hyperlink.</li>
   <li>Navigation links created using @keyref on elements that allow @keyref but not @href (e.g.,
    &lt;ph>, &lt;cite>, &lt;keyword>, and &lt;term>).</li>
   <li>Metadata associations using &lt;data-about> in contexts where &lt;data> is allowed.</li>
   <li>Navigation links from long quotes to the source of the quote using &lt;longquoteref>.</li>
  </ul>
  <?Pub Caret -2?>
  <p>Links to resources outside a topic's containing XML document that use direct URI-based
   addresses establish unconditional topic-to-resource dependencies. Such dependencies can impede
   reuse in two ways:<ul>
    <li>The linking topic cannot be used in a given map unless the dependent resource is also
     used.</li>
    <li>The linked resource cannot be dynamically changed based on the map context in which the
     linking topic is used.</li>
   </ul></p>
  <p>These issues can be avoided by using key-based addressing. Because keys are defined in maps,
   each map that uses the linking topic can bind the key to the most appropriate resource.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002050?>
