<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2008, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="dita_technicalContent_InformationTypes" xml:lang="en-US">
<title>Technical content: Document and information types</title>
<shortdesc>The Technical Content package contains five topic specializations
that support seven   document types: concept, reference, general task,
strict task, machinery task, glossary entry, and   glossary group.
These topic types are specialized from the base topic and are designed
  specifically for information that describes how to use products
and processes they are dominated   by procedural, task-oriented information.
The Technical Content package also includes   the map document type. <!--<xref format="dita" href="maps.dita#maps">Base</xref>--><?Pub
Caret?></shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section>    <title>Concept</title>    <p>The concept document and
information types provide conceptual information to support the  
  performance of tasks. Concepts may include extended definitions
of terms, expositions of     background information, descriptions
of systems and objects, and other content that helps to     build
the users' understanding of the tasks to be performed.</p>   </section>
<section>    <title>Reference</title>    <p>The reference document
and information types provide for the separation of fact-based   
 information from concepts and tasks. Factual information may include
tables and lists of     specifications, parameters, parts, commands,
and other information that the users are likely to     look up. The
reference information type allows fact-based content to be maintained
by those     responsible for its accuracy and consistency.</p>   </section>
<section>    <title>Task (strict task)</title>    <p>The task document
type provides procedural information to support the performance of
a task.     The task document type implements the strict task content
model from DITA 1.0 and 1.1 by     combining the new general task
(task) information type and the new Strict Taskbody constraint.  
  This information model provides detailed semantics to encourage
authors to label standard parts     of the task, including pre-requisites,
sufficient conceptual information required to perform the     task,
the commands that introduce each step in a procedure, additional support
information     required to understand a step, the result of performing
the task, and examples that demonstrate     the performance of the
task. </p>   </section>
<section>    <title>General task</title>    <p>The general task document
and information types are new to DITA 1.2. They provide a less   
 strict task model for task-oriented information than was available
in DITA 1.0 and 1.1. The     general task model may be preferred over
the strict task model by some organizations. It can     facilitate
the migration of legacy task content that does not follow the strict
task topic     model. The general task information type serves as
the base for the strict task and     machine-industry task document
types, can be used to create new document types, and can be a    
base for new structural specializations.</p>    <p>Unfortunately,
for historical reasons and to maintain compatibility with DITA 1.0
and 1.1, the     names used for the various task components can be
confusing:</p>    <ul>
<li>General task is the name for the general task document type </li>
<li>Task is the name for the strict task document type</li>
<li>Task is also the name for the general task information type</li>
<li>Task is the name of the specialized topic tag in the general information
type which is used      in the strict task, general task, and machine-industry
task document types</li>
</ul>   </section>
<section>    <title>Machinery task</title>    <p>The machinery-task
document type is new to DITA 1.2 and is built by combining the general
task     information type with the Task Requirements Domain and the
Machinery Taskbody Constraint. It     provides procedural information,
similar to other task types, and has a well-defined semantic     structure
to meet the special requirements of organizations that develop instructional
material     for industrial equipment, such as industrial products
like trucks, mining machinery, and     automobiles. The machine-industry
task requirements domain adds several new descriptive elements   
 in the preliminary requirements (prelreqs) and closing requirements
(closereqs) sections.</p>   </section>
<section>    <title>Glossary entry</title>    <p>The glossary entry
(glossentry) document type replaces the glossary document type of
DITA 1.1.     It provides for the development of glossary topics that
define terms, acronyms, and     abbreviations. It may also contain
terminology information.</p>   </section>
<section>    <title>Glossary group</title>    <p>The glossary group
(glossgroup) document type, new in DITA 1.2, allows authors to incorporate
    multiple glossary entries in a single collection tile.</p>   </section>
</conbody>
</concept>
