<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2008, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="TopicDomains_TechnicalContent" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Topic domains: Technical content</title>
 <shortdesc>A DITA domain defines a set of elements associated with a particular subject area or
  authoring requirement. DITA incorporates several domains into the Technical Content
  specializations. Other domains are incorporated into basic DITA.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <!-- from jeff ogden: should xnal be here? MP response:
  recast this section more explicitly as "topic domains", xnal covered under map
  domains-->
  <p>The elements in a domain are defined in a domain module which can be integrated with a topic
   type to make the domain elements available within the topic type structure. Currently the
   following domains are provided as part of the Technical Content specializations:</p>
  <table>
   <title>Technical content domains</title>
   <desc>DITA includes domain specializations that are especially useful for authoring technical
    content. The typographic, utilities, and indexing domains associated with Base DITA are
    described under DITA Markup. </desc>
   <tgroup cols="4">
    <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1.26*"/>
    <colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="3.16*"/>
    <colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
    <colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3.14*"/>
    <thead>
     <row valign="bottom">
      <entry colname="col1">Domain</entry>
      <entry colname="COLSPEC0">Description</entry>
      <entry colname="col2">Short name</entry>
      <entry colname="col3">Module name</entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     <row>
      <entry colname="col1">Programming</entry>
      <entry colname="COLSPEC0">For describing programming and programming languages</entry>
      <entry colname="col2">pr-d</entry>
      <entry colname="col3">
       <lines>programmingDomain.mod (DTD)
programmingDomain.ent
programmingDomain.xsd (Schema)</lines>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry colname="col1">Software</entry>
      <entry colname="COLSPEC0">For describing software</entry>
      <entry colname="col2">sw-d</entry>
      <entry colname="col3">
       <lines>softwareDomain.mod (DTD)
softwareDomain.ent
softwareDomain.xsd (Schema)</lines>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry colname="col1">User interface</entry>
      <entry colname="COLSPEC0">For describing elements in a user interface </entry>
      <entry colname="col2">ui-d</entry>
      <entry colname="col3">
       <lines>uiDomain.mod (DTD)
uiDomain.ent
uiDomain.xsd (Schema)</lines>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Hazard statements</entry>
      <entry>For providing detailed information about safety hazards</entry>
      <entry>hazard-d</entry>
      <entry>hazardstatementDomain.mod (DTD) hazardstatementDomain.ent hazardstatementDomain.xsd
       (Schema)</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Abbreviated form</entry>
      <entry>For linking between a text reference to a glossentry topic. A specialization of
       &lt;term> to provide an &lt;abbreviated-form> element</entry>
      <entry>abbrev-d</entry>
      <entry>
       <lines>abbreviateDomain.mod (DTD)
abbreviateDomain.ent
abbreviateDomain.xsd (Schema)</lines>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Glossary reference</entry>
      <entry>For linking from a term to its glossary topic</entry>
      <entry>glossref-d</entry>
      <entry>glossrefDomain.mod (DTD) glossrefDomain.ent glossrefDomain.xsd (Schema)</entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
  <p>The technical content domain specializations, like all domain specializations, may be included
   in the DITA document types beyond those in the technical content section. The DITA document types
   in the technical content section make use of other domain specializations in addition to those
   listed in the table.</p>
  <p>The elements and attributes included in specific domain specializations are described in the
   domain elements of the DITA 1.2 Language Reference.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
