<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2008, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="attdomain" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Attribute domain module coding requirements</title>
  <?Pub Caret1?>
  <shortdesc>An attribute domain vocabulary module declares a new attribute specialized from either
    the @props or @base attribute. An attribute domain module defines exactly one new attribute
    type.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>An attribute domain's name is the name of the attribute plus "Att" to distinguish the domain
      attribute from any element domains with the same name. For example, for an attribute named
      "new" the attribute domain name would be "newAtt". The attribute domain name is used to
      construct filenames and entity names for the domain. </p>
    <p>An attribute domain <term>must</term> consist of one file, whose name consists of the module
      name plus <filepath>Domain</filepath> plus the <filepath>ent</filepath> extension. For
      example: <filepath>newAttDomain.ent</filepath> for an attribute named "new". </p>
    <p>The file <term>must</term> have two parts:<dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Attribute extension entity</dt>
          <dd>
            <p>The attribute declaration is in an entity. This entity can then be used in document
              type shells to add the new attribute. The attribute declaration entity name consists
              of the attribute name plus "-d-attribute". For example: </p>
            <codeblock>&lt;!ENTITY % newAtt-d-attribute "new   CDATA #IMPLIED"&gt;</codeblock>
            <p>For an attribute named "new".</p>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Domain declaration entity</dt>
          <dd>
            <p
            rev="public-review-1">The attribute domain is declared in @domains attribute values through a general text entity that contains the attribute domain's domain declaration fragment. The entity name consists of the module name plus "-d-att". For example, "newAtt-d-att" for an attribute named "new". See <xref
            href="domainsatt.dita#domainsatt"
            format="dita"/> for details on attribute domain @domains values.</p>
            <p
            rev="public-review-1">For example:</p>
            <codeblock>&lt;!ENTITY newAtt-d-att       "a(props new)"  &gt;</codeblock>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl></p>
    <p>Attribute domains do not have domain module declaration (.mod) files.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002334?>
