<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-1" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Specializing foreign or unknown content</title>
  <shortdesc>Specializing the &lt;foreign&gt; or &lt;unknown&gt; element is an open extension to
    DITA for the purpose of incorporating standard vocabularies for non-textual content, such as
    MathML and SVG, as in-line objects. <ph>These elements <keyword>should not</keyword>
      be used to include textual content or metadata in DITA documents except where such content
      acts as an example or display, rather than as the primary content of a topic.</ph></shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <section id="section_C45458033A7347F8BF2D99D251A611C4">
      <title>Incorporating foreign or unknown content</title>
      <p>There are three methods of incorporating foreign content into DITA. </p>
      <ul id="ul_35DA1E5F56044DE3BCF73F8CFCCB55DA">
        <li id="li_73ABC413E3DA4472BF55D0EF1B73C728">A domain specialization of the &lt;foreign&gt;
          or &lt;unknown&gt; element. This is the usual implementation.</li>
        <li id="li_3DA9AC4CE9114E28A0F601CB66D26A29">A structural specialization using the
          &lt;foreign&gt; or &lt;unknown&gt; element. This affords more control over the
          content.</li>
        <li id="li_7F1FFDC5D0C54080B1E819E4C1F7B685">Do nothing: simply embed the foreign
          content within &lt;foreign&gt; or &lt;unknown&gt;.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="section_9867B44DADC644579062CBA3B116AF61">
      <title>Foreign or unknown content and the architectural @class attribute</title>
      <p>Foreign content that is incorporated in DITA by one of these methods is not specialized.
        Specialization depends upon the architectural @class attribute found in every DITA element.
        If the foreign content has interoperability or vocabulary naming issues such as those that
        are addressed by specialization in DITA, they must be addressed by means that are
        appropriate to the foreign content. </p>
    </section>
    <example id="example_0566553963A34B66AFC511C71D16B023">
      <title>Example of specializing foreign or unknown content using DTDs</title>
      <p>The sample below describes how to create a domain declaration of the svg element, but does
        not show how to integrate that declaration in a DITA document-type shell. For more specific
        information on creating document-type shells, see <xref href="dtdmod.dita#mod_dtd"
          format="dita"/>.</p>
      <pre>&lt;!-- declaration for the specialized wrapper --&gt;
&lt;!ENTITY % svg "svg"&gt;

&lt;!-- included SVG document type --&gt;
&lt;!ENTITY % SVG.prefix "svg" &gt;
&lt;!ENTITY % svg-qname.mod
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//ENTITIES SVG 1.1 Qualified Name//EN"
           "svg-qname.mod" 
&gt;%svg-qname.mod;

&lt;!-- definition for the specialized wrapper  --&gt;
&lt;!ENTITY % svg.content "
     (%SVG.svg.qname;)
">
&lt;!ATTLIST % svg.attributes "
">
&lt;!ELEMENT svg %svg.content; &gt;
&lt;!ATTLIST svg %svg.attributes; >

&lt;!ATTLIST svg %global-atts; class CDATA "+ topic/foreign svg-d/svg "&gt; </pre>
      <note>The example assumes that parameter entity <codeph>SVG.svg.qname</codeph> is declared in
        the SVG DTD or schema.</note>
    </example>
    <example id="example_8C8549BD3D814F978CAC1C6667B82BE4">
      <title>Example of SVG within a &lt;p&gt; element </title>
      <pre>&lt;p&gt;This is an ellipse:
  &lt;svg&gt;
    &lt;svg:svg width="100%" height="100%" version="1.1"
xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"&gt;

&lt;ellipse cx="300" cy="150" rx="200" ry="80"
style="fill:rgb(200,100,50);
stroke:rgb(0,0,100);stroke-width:2"/&gt;

    &lt;/svg:svg&gt;    
  &lt;/svg&gt;.
&lt;/p&gt; </pre>
    </example>
    <example id="example_B14351B0016E4065A4D5CFE991D30BC0">
      <title>Example of specializing foreign content using XML Schemas</title>
      <p>The sample below describes how to create a domain declaration of the mathML element, but
        does not show how to integrate that declaration in a DITA document-type shell. For more
        specific information on creating document-type shells, see <xref
          href="schemamod.dita#modSchema" format="dita"/></p>
      <pre>&lt;!-- importing MathML document type --&gt; 
&lt;xs:import namespace="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" schemaLocation="mathml2.xsd"&gt;
 
&lt;!-- definition for the specialized wrapper  --&gt;
&lt;xs:element name="mathML" type="mathML.class" /&gt;
&lt;xs:complexType name="mathML.class"&gt;
  &lt;xs:choice&gt;
      &lt;xs:element ref="mml:math" /&gt;
  &lt;/xs:choice&gt;
  &lt;xs:attribute name="outputclass" type="xs:string"/&gt;
    &lt;xs:attributeGroup ref="univ-atts"/&gt;
    &lt;xs:attributeGroup ref="global-atts"/&gt;
    &lt;xs:attribute ref="class" default="+ topic/foreign mathML/mathML"/&gt;
&lt;/xs:complexType&gt;

&lt;!-- definition for each element extended by the domain  --&gt;    
&lt;xs:group name="ma-d-foreign"&gt;
  &lt;xs:choice&gt;
     &lt;xs:element ref="mathML" /&gt;
  &lt;/xs:choice&gt;
&lt;/xs:group&gt;
  
&lt;!-- definition for the named model groups  --&gt;
&lt;xs:group name="foreign"&gt;
   &lt;xs:choice&gt;
     &lt;xs:group ref="foreign"/&gt;
     &lt;xs:group ref="ma-d-foreign"/&gt;
   &lt;/xs:choice&gt;
&lt;/xs:group&gt;  </pre>
    </example>
    <example id="example_34AAE3513574457F8FE30CC970D35211">
      <title>Example of MathML within an &lt;object&gt; element </title>
      <pre>&lt;p&gt;... as in the formula 
&lt;object&gt;
  &lt;desc&gt;4 + x&lt;/desc&gt;
  &lt;mathML&gt;
    &lt;mml:math display="block"&gt;
      &lt;mml:mrow&gt;
        &lt;mml:mo&gt;&amp;sum;&lt;/mml:mo&gt;
        &lt;mml:mn&gt;4&lt;/mml:mn&gt;
        &lt;mml:mo&gt;+&lt;/mml:mo&gt;
        &lt;mml:mi&gt;x&lt;/mml:mi&gt;
      &lt;/mml:mrow&gt;
    &lt;/mml:math&gt;    
  &lt;/mathML&gt;
 &lt;object&gt;.
&lt;/p&gt; </pre>
    </example>
  </conbody>
</concept>
