<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>ID attribute</title>
  <shortdesc>The DITA identity attribute provides a mechanism for identifying content for linking. </shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>The id attribute assigns an identifier to DITA elements so the elements can be referenced.
      The id attribute is available for most elements. The id attribute is required on some
      elements. For a specific element to be referenced, it must have an id attribute with a valid
      value, although entire maps and the first topic, only topic, or all direct-child topics
      (depending on processing context) in a topic-containing document may be referenced without
      using an ID. The requirements for the id attribute differ depending on whether it is used on a
      topic element, a map element, or an element within a topic or map.</p>
    <p>The id attributes for topic and map elements are true XML IDs and therefore must be unique
      with respect to other XML IDs within the scope of the XML document that contains the topic or
      map element. The id attribute for most other elements within topics and maps are not declared
      to be XML IDs. This means that XML parsers do not require that the values of those attributes
      be unique. All id attribute values must be XML name tokens.</p>
    <p>Within documents containing multiple topics, the IDs for all non-topic elements that have the
      same nearest ancestor topic element <keyword>should</keyword> be unique with respect to each
      other. The IDs for non-topic elements <keyword>may</keyword> be the same as non-topic elements
      with different nearest ancestor topic elements.</p>
    <note othertype="non-normative">Thus, within a single XML document containing multiple peer or
      nested topics, the IDs of the non-topic elements only need to be unique within each topic
      without regard to the IDs of elements within any ancestor or descendant topics.</note>
    <p>The IDs of all elements within a map <keyword>should</keyword> be unique within that map
      document. When two elements within a map have the same ID value, the first element with a
      given ID value, in document order, <keyword>must</keyword> be used as the target of any
      reference to that ID. </p>
    <fig>
      <title>ID requirements summary table</title>
      <simpletable frame="all">
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Element</stentry>
          <stentry>Attribute type</stentry>
          <stentry>Unique within</stentry>
          <stentry>Required</stentry>
          <stentry>Value type</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>map</stentry>
          <stentry>ID</stentry>
          <stentry>document</stentry>
          <stentry>No</stentry>
          <stentry>XML non-colonized name token</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>topic</stentry>
          <stentry>ID</stentry>
          <stentry>document</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes</stentry>
          <stentry>XML non-colonized name token</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>sub-map</stentry>
          <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
          <stentry>document</stentry>
          <stentry>Usually no, with some exceptions</stentry>
          <stentry>Any legal XML name token</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>sub-topic</stentry>
          <stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
          <stentry>individual topic</stentry>
          <stentry>Usually no, with some exceptions</stentry>
          <stentry>Any legal XML name token</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </fig>
  </conbody>
</concept>
