<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="lc_spec_summary_of_landt_designs" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Summary of learning topic, map, and domain designs</title>
 <shortdesc>The DITA 1.2 Learning and Training specialization provides a set of specialized DITA
  topics, a learning interactions domain, a learning metadata domain, and a learning map domain to
  support creating and delivering structured learning content.</shortdesc>
 <refbody>
  <section>
   <title>Learning topic types</title>
   <p>The following specialized DITA topic types provide support for creating learning and training
    content.</p>
   <dl id="lt_topic_types">
    <dlentry>
     <dt id="DtLearningPlanTopicType-020F4C49">Learning Plan topic type</dt>
     <dd>Describes learning needs and goals, instructional design models, task analyses, learning
      taxonomies, and other information necessary to the lesson planning process.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Learning Overview topic type</dt>
     <dd>Identifies the learning objectives and includes other information helpful to the learner,
      such prerequisites, duration, and intended audience.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Learning Content topic type</dt>
     <dd>Provides the learning content itself and enables direct use of content from DITA task,
      concept, and reference topics, as well as additional content of any topic type that supports
      specific objectives declared in the Learning Overview topic type.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Learning Summary topic type</dt>
     <dd>Recaps and provides context for the learning objectives and provides guidance to reinforce
      learning and long-term memory.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Learning Assessment topic type</dt>
     <dd>Presents instruments that measure progress, encourage retrieval, and stimulate
      reinforcement of the learning content and can be presented before the content as a
      pre-assessment or after the content as a post-assessment checkpoint or test.</dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Learning map domain</title>
   <p>Use the learning map domain to organize groups of topics as learning objects.</p>
   <note>The learning map domain is part of the learningMap and the learningBookmap document types.
    As these learning map structures are delivered as a domain specialization rather than as a
    structural specialization, it is possible to extend any type of DITA map to include these
    structures.</note>
   <dl id="lt_map_domain">
    <dlentry>
     <dt>learningGroup</dt>
     <dd>A map container and optional topic reference to introduce and group learning objects into
      higher-level organizations, such as course-level, module-level, or lesson-level. A
      learningGroup can contain other learningGroup elements, allowing you to organize learning
      content at course, module, or other higher levels of hierarchy.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>learningObject</dt>
     <dd>A map container and optional topic reference to introduce and group the topic references
      for a learning object. </dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>learningPlanRef</dt>
     <dd>A topic reference to a learning plan or other topic that provides the learning plan.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>learningOverviewRef</dt>
     <dd>A topic reference to a learning overview or other topic that introduces the learning
      object.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>learningContentRef</dt>
     <dd>A topic reference to a learning content topic, or a topic, task, concept, reference or
      other specialized topic.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>learningContentComponentRef</dt>
     <dd>A topic reference to a learning content topic, or a topic, task, concept, reference or
      other specialized topic.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>learningSummaryRef</dt>
     <dd>A topic reference to a learning summary or other topic that provides the summary.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>learningPreAssessmentRef</dt>
     <dd>A topic reference to a learning assessment or other topic that is used as a
      pre-assessment.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>learningPostAssessmentRef</dt>
     <dd>A topic reference to a learning assessment or other topic that is used as a
      post-assessment.</dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Learning interactions domain</title>
   <p id="lt_interactions_domain">The learning interactions domain defines a set of basic learning
    interaction elements as a DITA domain.<dl>
     <dlentry>
      <dt>lcOpenQuestion</dt>
      <dd>Poses an open-ended question in an assessment interaction.</dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry>
      <dt>lcTrueFalse</dt>
      <dd>Presents the learner with two choices, one correct, the other incorrect, often presented
       as true/false or yes/no responses.</dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry>
      <dt>lcSingleSelect</dt>
      <dd>Presents three or more choices, only one of which is correct.</dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry>
      <dt>lcMultipleSelect</dt>
      <dd>Presents two or more choices, two or more of which are correct.</dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry>
      <dt>lcMatching</dt>
      <dd>In a list of paired choices, the learner identifies the correct choice that matches
       another choice.</dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry>
      <dt>lcHotspot</dt>
      <dd>Presents an image, and the learner clicks on one or more regions to indicate a
       choice.</dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry>
      <dt>lcSequencing</dt>
      <dd>Presents choices in a list that the learner must arrange in a correct ordered
       sequence.</dd>
     </dlentry>
    </dl></p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Learning metadata domain</title>
   <p>The learning metadata domain defines a set of basic learning metadata elements as a DITA
    domain and available for use in the learning topic types, as specialized prolog metadata and in
    the learning map domain, as specialized topicmeta.</p>
   <p id="lt_lcLom"><b>lcLom</b> makes the learning metadata elements available in the learning
    topics and learning map domain.</p>
   <p id="lt_metadata_domain">Elements in lcLom include:<ul>
     <li>lomAggregationLevel </li>
     <li>lomContext </li>
     <li>lomCoverage </li>
     <li>lomDifficulty </li>
     <li>lomInstallationRemarks </li>
     <li>lomIntendedUserRole </li>
     <li>lomInteractivityLevel </li>
     <li>lomInteractivityType </li>
     <li>lomLearningResourceType </li>
     <li>lomOtherPlatformRequirements </li>
     <li>lomSemanticDensity </li>
     <li>lomStructure </li>
     <li>lomTechRequirement </li>
     <li>lomTypicalAgeRange </li>
     <li>lomTypicalLearningTime</li>
    </ul></p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Instructor notes</title>
   <p>The learning interactions domain also makes available an lcInstructornote element for
    providing instructor-specific information.</p>
   <?Pub Caret 26?>
  </section>
 </refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000006875?>
