<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="lcOverview_usecases" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Use cases</title>
 <shortdesc>Several use cases inform the design and development of the DITA Learning and Training
  Specialization.</shortdesc>
 <refbody>
  <section>
   <dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Enable indexing, searching, and retrieval of learning content</dt>
     <dd>By structuring content with DITA topics and maps as self-contained learning objects matched
      with appropriate DITA metadata, it is possible to enable fast indexing, search, and retrieval
      of learning content that meets specific learning goals and objectives.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Creating custom courses quickly</dt>
     <dd>A company has a large inventory of topic-based content that is used to provide technical
      and troubleshooting information about a set of componentized software products. It desires to
      enable field engineers to quickly identify technical content that is suitable for providing
      on-site training. The DITA Learning and Training Specialization enables field engineers to
      draw on their inventory of topics and quickly assemble learning content to meet specific
      customer needs.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Making technical content available for direct sharing and reuse in learning and
      training</dt>
     <dd>A DITA learning specialization makes it possible to define a context for and directly
      assemble and use existing technical content for delivery as learning and training. The DITA
      approach identifies consistent structures and patterns and leverages them to enable a
      consistent approach for sharing content across teams. The result is much more opportunity to
      share content between different providers and across areas of expertise, to learn from each
      other, and to deliver content and the learning experience consistently. As a result, instead
      of copy, paste, and make unique as the norm, we have write once and share with others as the
      new norm.</dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <?Pub Caret -2?>
  </section>
 </refbody>
 <related-links>
  <linklist>
   <title>Resources</title>
   <link href="http://www.clarktraining.com/content/articles/LearningObjects.pdf" scope="external" format="pdf">
    <linktext>"Recycling Knowledge with Learning Objects," by Ruth Clark.</linktext>
   </link>
   <link href="http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/xml/library/x-think21.html" scope="external" format="html">
    <linktext>"Thinking XML: Learning Objects Metadata," by Uche Obguji (IBM developerWorks,
     2003).</linktext>
   </link>
   <link href="http://edutechwiki.unige.ch/en/DITA" scope="external" format="html">
    <linktext>"DITA in Education," by Dan Schneider, EduTech Wiki.</linktext>
   </link>
   <link href="http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/xml/library/x-dita9a/" scope="external" format="html">
    <linktext>"An XML-based information architecture for learning content," by John Hunt and Robert
     Bernard (IBM developerWorks, 2005).</linktext>
   </link>
   <link href="http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/xml/library/x-dita7/" scope="external" format="html">
    <linktext>"Design patterns for information architecture with DITA map domains," by Erik Hennum,
     Don Day, John Hunt, and Dave Schell (IBM developerWorks, 2004).</linktext>
   </link>
  </linklist>
 </related-links>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003638?>
