<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="metadata-in-maps-and-topics" xml:lang="en-us"><title>Metadata in maps and topics</title>
  <shortdesc><ph>Topic metadata can be specified in a DITA map as well as in
      the topics that the map references. By default, metadata in the map supplements or overrides
      metadata that is specified at the topic level, unless the @lockmeta attribute of the
      &lt;topicref> element is set to "no".</ph></shortdesc><conbody>
    <section>
      <title><ph id="1.2">Where metadata about topics can be specified</ph></title>
      <p>Information about topics can be specified as metadata on the map, as attributes on the
        &lt;topicref> element, or as metadata attributes or elements in the topic itself:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>DITA map: Metadata elements</dt>
            <dd>
              <p>At the map level, properties can be set by using metadata elements. They can be set
                for an individual topic, for a set of topics, or globally for the entire document.
                The metadata elements are authored within a &lt;topicmeta> element, which associates
                metadata with the parent element, plus the other children of that element. Because
                the topics in a branch of the hierarchy typically have some common subjects or
                properties, this is a convenient mechanism to set properties for a set of topics.
                For example, the &lt;topicmeta> element in a &lt;relcolspec> can associate metadata
                with all the topics that are referenced in the &lt;reltable> column.</p>
              <p>A map can override or supplement everything about a topic except its
                primary title and body content. All the metadata elements that are available in a
                topic also are available in a map. In addition, a map may provide alternate titles
                and a short description. The alternate titles can override their equivalents in the
                topic. The short description in the map <term>may</term> override the short
                description in the topic if both following conditions are true:<ul>
                  <li>The &lt;topicref> element specifies a @copy-to attribute.</li>
                  <li>The processor implements this behavior. Processors <term>may</term> or <term
                      >may not</term> implement this behavior.</li>
                </ul></p>
            </dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>DITA map: Attributes of the &lt;topicref> element</dt>
            <dd>At the map level, properties can be set as attributes of the &lt;topicref> element.
            </dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>DITA topic</dt>
            <dd>Within a topic, authors can either set metadata attributes on the root element or
              add metadata elements in the &lt;prolog> element.</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl></p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>How metadata set at both the map and topic level is handled</title>
      <p>In a topic, the metadata elements apply to the entire topic. In a map, they supplement or
        override any metadata that is provided in the referenced topics. When the same metadata
        element or attribute is specified in both a map and a topic, by default the value in the map
        takes precedence, on the assumption that the author of the map has more knowledge of the
        reusing context than the author of the topic had. The @lockmeta attribute on the
        &lt;topicmeta> element controls whether map-specified values override values in the
        referenced topic.</p>
      <p>The &lt;navtitle> element is an exception to the rule of how metadata specified
        by the &lt;topicmeta> element is propagated. The content of the &lt;navtitle> element is
        used as a navigation title only if the @locktitle attribute of the parent &lt;topicref>
        element is set to "yes".</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title><ph>Associating attribute-based metadata with element-based
        metadata</ph></title>
      <draft-comment author="Kristen James Eberlein" time="14 July 2009">Do we need examples that
        illustrate what is discussed earlier in this topic? The extant example really illustrates an
        edge case, rather than the basic principles.</draft-comment>
      <draft-comment author="Kristen James Eberlein" time="17 December 2009">Discussion from review
          #3:<ul>
          <li>Bruce Nevin: I agree with Kris that other examples are needed.</li>
          <li>Kris Eberlein: If we want examples, people are going to need to pony up and develop
            them. This might need to be an item that is deferred to DITA 1.3. </li>
        </ul></draft-comment>
      <p>At the topic level, the content of the prolog metadata elements can provide more
        information about the values that are used for attributes on the elements in the body of the
        DITA topic. However, prolog metadata and attribute metadata also can be used and expressed
        independently. The coordination shown here is possible but is not required.</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;prolog>
  &lt;metadata>
    &lt;audience name="AdminNovice"
              type="administrator"
              job="customizing"
              experiencelevel="novice">

  &lt;/metadata>
&lt;/prolog>
....
&lt;p audience="AdminNovice ProgrammerExp">This paragraph applies to both 
novice administrators and expert programmers&lt;/p></codeblock>
      <p>In the preceding example, the attribute value <option>AdminNovice</option> is associated
        with the audience element with the same name, which gives authors and processes more
        information about the audience in question: in this case, that the "AdminNovice" audience
        consists of administrators who are customizing and who are new at it.</p>
    </section>
  </conbody><?Pub Caret1?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005402?>
