<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="overview_of_keys">
    <title>Overview of keys</title>
    <shortdesc>To use key references, one must understand how keys are defined and bound to
        resources, how a map hierarchy establishes a key space, and the interaction of keys with
        conditional processing.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <section>
            <title>Key definition</title>
            <p>Keys are defined within maps. Key names are defined using the @keys attribute on
                &lt;topicref> elements (or specializations of topicref, such as &lt;keydef>).</p>
            <p id="syntax">The @keys attribute uses the following syntax:<ul>
                    <li>The value of the @keys attribute is one or more space separated key
                        names.</li>
                    <li> Key names consist of characters that are legal in a URI. The case of key
                        names is significant.</li>
                    <li>The following characters are prohibited in key names: "{", "}", "[", "]",
                        "/", "#", "?", and whitespace characters.</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>The @keys attribute in any &lt;topicref> element can be used to define keys,
                regardless of any other purpose that it may serve in the map. However, common
                practice is to define most or all keys separately from the topic references that are
                used to establish navigation hierarchies and relationships. If a separate DITA map
                is created that contains only key definitions, it should have the @processing-role
                attribute set to "resource-only". The map-group vocabulary module includes the
                &lt;keydef> element, a specialization of &lt;topicref> in which the value of the
                @processing-role attribute is set by default to "resource-only".</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Key binding</title>
            <p>A key can be bound simultaneously to several resources: </p>
            <ul>
                <li>It is directly bound to the resource addressed by the @href attribute of the
                    key-defining element, if a @keyref either is not specified or cannot be resolved
                    following key space construction.</li>
                <li>If the key-defining element specifies a @keyref attribute and the key reference
                    can be resolved following key space construction, the key is bound to any
                    directly addressed resource bound to the referenced key (directly or
                    indirectly). (It is an error for a topicref to refer directly or indirectly to
                    any key that it defines.)</li>
                <li>It is bound to the subelements of the &lt;topicmeta> element within the
                    key-defining element, if any are present.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Key spaces</title>
            <p>A root map and its directly addressed, local scope descendant maps establish a unique
                key space within which each unique key name has exactly one binding to a set of
                resources.</p>
            <p>For the purposes of determining the effective key definitions for the key space
                represented by a given root map, a map tree is determined by considering only
                directly addressed, local scope maps descending from the root map. The order of
                subordinate maps is determined by the document order of the topicrefs that point to
                them. Indirect references to maps with key references are necessarily ignored until
                after the key space is determined.</p>
            <p>Maps addressed by &lt;navref> do not contribute to the key space of a map tree. Maps
                referenced by &lt;navref> are equivalent to maps referenced with a scope of "peer"
                or "external" and therefore need not be present or available at the time the
                referencing map is processed for purposes of key space construction.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Keys and conditional processing </title>
            <p>The effective keys for a map might be affected by conditional processing (filtering).
                Processors <term>should</term> perform conditional processing before determining
                effective key definitions. However, processors <term>may</term> determine effective
                key bindings before filtering. Consequently, different processors might produce
                different effective bindings for the same map when there are key definitions that
                might be filtered out based on their select attributes.</p>
            <p>If filtering is not done first, the same root map may result in different effective
                key spaces for different sets of conditions. For processors that provide sets of
                available keys within an information set, such as authoring support systems, keys
                may need to be associated with the conditions specified on their key definitions.
                For example, given a map that defines the key "os-name" twice with different
                conditions, an author may need to know both that the key has two possible bindings
                within the key space and what the conditions are under which those bindings are
                effective. It also means that processors might need both a root map and a set of
                active conditions (for example, a DITAVAL document) in order to correctly determine
                the effective key space.</p>
            <p>A relative URI reference in a key definition is resolved relative to the base URI
                established for the location of the key definition rather than relative to the
                various locations of references using the key.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Effective key definitions</title>
            <p>For a given key there is at most one effective definition within a key space. A key
                definition is the effective definition for a given key if it is the first, in
                document order, within the map document that contains it, and is the first in the
                map tree in breadth-first order. It is not an error for the same key name to be
                defined more than once within a map or map tree, and duplicate key definitions
                    <keyword>should</keyword> be ignored without warning. </p>
            <note>A given &lt;topicref> element that defines more than one key may be the effective
                definition for some of its keys but not for others. It is the duplicate binding of a
                key name to its definition that is ignored, not the key-defining topic reference as
                a whole.</note>
            <p>Key definitions are not scoped by the map document within which they occur or by the
                element hierarchy of their containing map document. Keys do not have to be declared
                before they are referenced. The key space is effective for the entire document, so
                the order of key definitions and key references relative to one another within the
                map hierarchy is not significant, and keys defined in any map in the map tree are
                available for use with key references from all maps and topics processed in the
                context of the root map. </p>
            <note>These rules mean that key definitions higher in the map tree hierarchy take
                precedence over key definitions lower in the map tree and that key definitions in
                referencing maps always take precedence over key definitions in referenced maps.
                These rules also mean that the entire key space must be determined before any keys
                can be resolved to their ultimately-addressed resources (if any).</note>
            <note>Because keys are defined in maps, all key-based processing must be done in the
                context of a root map that establishes the effective key space. </note>
            <!--<p>Topicrefs that address subordinate maps that use @keyref  without
a fallback           @href value or that use @conkeyref without
a fallback           @conref value do not contribute
to the map tree for the purpose of         determining the key space.
The maps ultimately referenced by such topicrefs will contribute 
       to the map tree but only at the locations where those maps
are directly addressed. This         means that such maps may occur
in the map tree in a different position than they would if       
 the key-based address was a direct address. </p>-->
            <!--Above needs clarification. The following is the proposed replacement.-->
            <p>For key definitions in a submap to be included in the key space, there must be a
                direct URI reference to that submap from another directly addressed map in the map
                tree. However, if that same submap is referenced indirectly and has no direct URI
                reference as a backup (using @keyref without providing a fallback @href value, or
                using @conkeyref without providing a fallback @conref value), that reference is
                ignored for purposes of constructing the key space, and the definitions in that
                submap consequently do not enter into the construction of the key space at that
                point.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
