<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="processing_key_references">
    <title>Processing key references</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>When a key definition is bound to a resource addressed by @href or @keyref and does not
            specify "none" for the @linking attribute, all references to that key definition become
            navigation links to the bound resource. When a key definition is not bound to a resource
            or specifies "none" for the @linking attribute, references to that key do not become
            navigation links.</p>
        <p>When a key definition has a &lt;topicmeta> subelement, elements that refer to that key
            and that are empty may get their effective content from the first matching subelement of
            the &lt;topicmeta> subelement of the key-defining topicref. If no matching element is
            found, the contents of the &lt;linktext> tag, if present, should be used. Elements
            within &lt;linktext> that do not match the content model of the key reference directly
            or after generalization should be skipped. For &lt;link> tags with a keyref attribute,
            the contents of the &lt;shortdesc> tag in the key-defining element should provide the
            &lt;desc> contents.</p>
        <p>When a key definition has no @href value and no @keyref value, references to
            that key will not result in a link, even if they do contain an @href attribute of their
            own. If the key definition also does not contain a &lt;topicmeta> subelement, empty
            elements that refer to the key (such as <codeph>&lt;link keyref="a"/></codeph> or
                <codeph>&lt;xref keyref="a" href="fallback.dita"/></codeph>) are removed.</p>
        <p>Matching element content for key references contained in @keyref attributes
            falls into one of two categories:<ol>
                <li>For elements on which no @href attribute is available (such as cite, dt,
                    keyword, term, ph, indexterm, index-base, and indextermref, and their
                    specializations), matching content is taken from the &lt;keyword> or &lt;term>
                    elements within &lt;keywords> within &lt;topicmeta>. If more than one
                    &lt;keyword> or &lt;term> is present, the matching content is taken from the
                    first of them.</li>
                <li>For elements that in addition to @keyref or @conkeyref do specify an @href
                    attribute (such as author, data, data-about, image, link, lq, navref, publisher,
                    source, topicref, xref, and their specializations), matching content includes
                    all elements from within the key definition element that are in valid context
                    within the key reference. Elements that are invalid within the key reference
                    element directly or after generalization are not included or are filtered
                    out.</li>
            </ol></p>
        <p>For key reference elements that become navigation links, if there is no matching element
            in the key definition, normal link text determination rules apply as for &lt;xref>.</p>
        <p>If a referencing element contains a key reference with an undefined key, it is processed
            as if there were no key reference, and the value of the @href attribute is used as the
            reference. If the @href attribute is not specified either, the element is not treated as
            a navigation link. If it is an error for the element to be empty, an implementation
                <keyword>may</keyword> give an error message, and <keyword>may</keyword> recover
            from this error condition by leaving the key reference element empty.</p>
        <!--<p>For key references to undefined keys, if there is an @href attribute
on         the referencing element, the value of the @href attribute
is used as the         reference and the key reference element is
processed as if there were no key reference. If         the key reference
element does not specify @href, the element is not
        treated as a navigation link. It is an error for the element
to be empty, and an         implementation <keyword>may</keyword> give
an error message, and <keyword>may</keyword>         recover from
this error condition by leaving the key reference element empty. </p>-->
        <p>For topic references that use the @keyref attribute, the effective value of the
            &lt;topicref> element is determined as follows:<ul
                id="ul_CF2B3DB7B65B42CB825E4A77367C7759">
                <li
        id="li_8C2182B15AAA403FA6BE0200EFB2EB9E">
        <p>The effective resource bound to the &lt;topicref> element is determined by resolving all intermediate key references. Each key reference is resolved either to a resource addressed directly by URI reference in an @href attribute, or to no resource. Processors <keyword>may</keyword> impose reasonable limits on the number of intermediate key references they will resolve. Processors <keyword>should</keyword> support at least three levels of key references.</p>
        <!-- 
              WEK: I added these last two may and should statements as DITA provides no
              explicit way to indicate any sort of maximum "hop count". We want to make it clear
              processors don't have to support infinite recursion but can't arbitrarily disallow all
              indirection either.-->
        <note>This rule applies to all topic references, including those that define keys. Thus, the effective bound resource for a key definition that uses the @keyref attribute cannot be determined until the key space has been constructed.</note>
        <p>The attributes that are common to a key definition element and a key reference element using that key, other than the @keys,<ph
          rev="public-review-1"> @processing-role,</ph> and @id attributes, are combined as for content references, including the special processing for the @xml:lang, @dir, and @translate attributes. There is no special processing associated with either the @locktitle or the @lockmeta attributes when attributes are combined.</p>
        <draft-comment
          author="WEK">Removed paragraph and list per public review 1 comment C024.</draft-comment>
      </li>
                <li id="li_DFBE0534F51646B0B05BB73B9E9B9636">Content from a key reference element
                    and a key-defining element is combined following the rules for combining
                    metadata between maps and other maps and between maps and topics. The @lockmeta
                    attribute is honored when metadata content is combined.</li>
                <li id="li_A7CB6EAC9293478886B1E03824DE8BB7">The combined attributes and content
                    cascade from one map to another or from a map to a topic, but this is controlled
                    by existing rules for cascading, which are not affected by the use of key
                    references.</li>
            </ul></p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
