<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="xmllang" xml:lang="en-US"> 
  <title>The @xml:lang attribute</title> 
  <shortdesc rev="public-review-1"> The @xml:lang attribute specifies the
	 language (and optionally the locale) of the element content. The @xml:lang
	 attribute applies to all attributes and content of the element where it is
	 specified, unless it is overridden with @xml:lang on another element within
	 that content. If the @xml:lang attribute on the document (outermost) element of
	 a map or of a top-level topic has no value, the processor should assume a
	 default value. The default value of the processor may be either fixed,
	 configurable, or derived from the content itself, such as the @xml:lang
	 attribute on the primary map file. As the default value of a processor may be
	 fixed, it is strongly recommended that the @xml:lang attribute be set on each
	 map and top-level topic. 
  </shortdesc> 
  <refbody> 
	 <section id="section_2D173063C192470C84EFFF72A56A54D7"> 
		<p>The @xml:lang attribute is described in the XML Recommendation at 
		  <xref href="http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-xml/#sec-lang-tag"
			scope="external" format="html"/>. Note that the recommended style for the @xml:lang attribute
		  is lower case language and uppercase locale (if used), separated by a hyphen,
		  i.e., en-US or sp-SP. 
		</p> 
	 </section> 
	 <section id="section_62864B54A3A24CA893BC577EDECFEF67"> 
		<title>Recommended use in topics</title> 
		<p rev="public-review-1">For a DITA document that contains a single
		  language, the highest level element that contains content should set the
		  @xml:lang attribute to the language (and optionally the locale) that applies to
		  the document. 
		</p> 
		<p>When a DITA document contains more than one language, the highest
		  level element should set the @xml:lang attribute to the primary language (and
		  optionally the locale) that applies to the document. If part of a document is
		  written in a different language, authors should ensure that the part is
		  enclosed in an element with the @xml:lang attribute set appropriately.
		  Processors should style each element in a way that is appropriate for its
		  language as identified by the @xml:lang attribute. This method of overriding
		  the default document language applies to both block and inline elements that
		  use the alternate language. 
		</p> 
		<p rev="public-review-1">The @xml:lang attribute should be explicitly set
		  on the root element of each map and topic. When the @xml:lang attribute is
		  specified for a document, DITA processors must use the specified value to
		  determine the language of the document. It is strongly recommended to author
		  the @xml:lang value in the source language document, in order to facilitate the
		  translation process, where translation tools (or translators) simply change the
		  existing @xml:lang attribute value to the value of the target language. 
		</p> 
		<p rev="public-review-1"> Note: Some translation tools support changing
		  the value of an existing @xml:lang attribute, but do not support adding new
		  markup to the document being translated. Therefore, if the author of the source
		  language content does not set the @xml:lang attribute, it may not be possible
		  (or may be difficult) for the translator to add the @xml:lang attribute to the
		  translated document. 
		</p> 
	 </section> 
	 <section id="section_8580BE0C4D9A475E823E300EFE709BAA"> 
		<title>Use in maps</title> 
		<p>The @xml:lang attribute can be specified on the &lt;map&gt; element.
		  The @xml:lang attribute cascades within the map the same way that it cascades
		  within a topic. The @xml:lang value does not cascade from one map to another or
		  from a map to a topic, and an @xml:lang value specified in a map does not
		  override @xml:lang values specified in other maps or in topics. 
		</p> 
		<p rev="public-review-1">The primary language for the map should be set
		  on the &lt;map&gt; element. The specified language should remain in effect for
		  all child &lt;topicref&gt; elements, unless a child specifies a different value
		  for the @xml:lang attribute. 
		</p> 
		<p>When no @xml:lang value is supplied locally or on an ancestor, a
		  processor determined default value is assumed. 
		</p> 
	 </section> 
	 <section id="section_1B41A0B49681492BB9FA0F98C88557D9"> 
		<title>Use with the @conref or @conkeyref attribute</title> 
		<p>When a @conref or @conkeyref attribute is used to include content from
		  one element into another, the processor must use the effective value of the
		  @xml:lang attribute from the referenced element, that is, the element that
		  contains the content. If the reference element does not have an explicit value
		  for the @xml:lang attribute, the effective value for its @xml:lang attribute is
		  determined by using the standard @xml:lang inheritance from the referenced
		  source.. If this action results in no effective value for @xml:lang, the
		  processor should default to using the same value that is used for topics that
		  do not set the @xml:lang attribute. 
		</p> 
		<p>This behavior is shown in the following example, where the value of
		  the @xml:lang attribute of the included note is obtained from its parent
		  &lt;section&gt; element (id="qqwwee") that sets the @xml:lang attribute. In
		  this example, the @xml:lang value "fr" is applied to the note with the id
		  attribute "mynote". 
		</p> 
		<codeblock>&lt;-- ****************installingAcme.dita********************* --&gt;
                
&lt;?xml version="1.0"?&gt;
&lt;!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd"&gt;
&lt;topic <b>xml:lang="en"</b> id="install_acme"&gt;
 &lt;title&gt;Installing Acme&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;shortdesc&gt;Step-by-step details about how to install Acme.&lt;/shortdesc&gt;
 &lt;body&gt;
  &lt;section&gt;
   &lt;title&gt;Before you begin&lt;/title&gt;
   &lt;p&gt;Special notes when installing Acme in France:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;note conref="warningsAcme.dita#topic_warnings/frenchwarnings"&gt;&lt;/note&gt;
  &lt;/section&gt;
 &lt;/body&gt;
&lt;/topic&gt;
&lt;/dita&gt;
*******************************************

&lt;-- **************** warningsAcme.dita ********************* --&gt;
&lt;?xml version="1.0"?&gt;
&lt;!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd"&gt;
&lt;topic id="topic_warnings"&gt;
 &lt;title&gt;Warnings&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;body&gt;
  &lt;section id="qqwwee" <b>xml:lang="fr"</b>&gt;
   &lt;title&gt;French warnings&lt;/title&gt;
   &lt;p&gt;These are our French warnings.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;note id="frenchwarnings"&gt;Note in French!&lt;/note&gt;
  &lt;/section&gt;
  &lt;section <b>xml:lang="en"</b>&gt;
   &lt;title&gt;English warnings&lt;/title&gt;
   &lt;p&gt;These are our English warnings.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;note id="englishwarnings"&gt;Note in English!&lt;/note&gt;
  &lt;/section&gt;
 &lt;/body&gt;
&lt;/topic&gt;
*************************************
</codeblock> <?Pub Caret 957?>
	 </section> 
  </refbody> 
</reference> <?Pub *0000006382?>
