<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2008, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="concept-1" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>The xNAL domain</title>
 <shortdesc>The DITA xNAL domain specialization defines a number of metadata elements and attributes
  that are useful in representing personal/organizational names and addresses. The metadata can be
  used to identify authors and content owners. The OASIS xNAL Standard (extensible Name and Address
  Langauge) was selected to represent close mappings from the DITA bookmap metadata content model to
  an existing standard. xNAL is included in the Bookmap and the LearningBookmap document
  types.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>The OASIS Customer Information Quality (CIQ) standard for global-customer information
   management contains the definition of the <xref format="html"
    href="http://www.oasis-open.org/committees/ciq/ciq.html#4" scope="external">OASIS extensible
    Name and Address Language (xNAL)</xref> metadata elements. Version 2 of the standard states:</p>
  <lq>
   <p>The objective of xNAL is to describe a common structure for Personal/Organization Names and
    Addresses that would enable any applications that want to represent customer names and addresses
    in a common standard format. The applications could be CRM/e-CRM, Customer Information Systems,
    Data Quality (Parsing, Matching, Validation, Verification, etc.), Customer Data Warehouses,
    Postal services, etc.</p>
   <p>However, any party for its own purposes and applications may use xNAL grammar or parts of
    it.</p>
  </lq>
  <p>The DITA xNAL specialization is based on the OASIS extensible Name and Address Language
   metadata elements. Due to differences between the two processing architectures, the DITA xNAL
   domain does not incorporate all of the definitions from the OASIS xNAL standard directly.
   Instead, <?Pub Caret?>there is a transformational equivalence between the DITA and OASIS xNAL
   definitions for names and addresses. This equivalence enables XML-aware tools in workflow systems
   to capture and manipulate names and addresses in a standard manner.</p>
  <p>The xNAL domain is available for use in the bookmap and learningBookmap document types, which
   are distributed as part of the DITA 1.2 specification. It can be included in specialized DITA
   document types that require metadata for names and addresses.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002550 0?>
